WADE BOGGS: Like Keith Jackson said, "Whoa Nelly".  Thank you Commissioner Selig.  I'd like to first start off by thanking Jane Forbes Clark, Dale Petroskey, Jeff Idelson, Kim Bennett and all the wonderful staff at the Hall of Fame for making these last seven months so enjoyable and allowing Debbie and I and our family to become two of the newest members of the Hall of Fame family.  Thank you.  I ap preciate it very much.  Thank you to the Baseball Writers of America.  Without your vote, I'm not here.  Thank you very much.  I sincerely thank you.  Jerry Coleman, Peter Gammons, congratulations on being recognized in your field of e xperti se.  Well deserved.  Ryno, congratulations to yo u and Margaret and your family.  I couldn't think of anyone that I would rather share this honor with than with you.  Thank you.  Thanks to all the Hall of Famers for coming back this weekend to share the spec ial day with Ryno and myself.  Thank you very much.  I stand here today incredibly humbled, extremely overwhelmed and so very proud.  Humbled by the fact that never in a million years would I ever thought that I would be on the same stage wi th all these great Hall of Famers and enshrined to the National Baseball Hall of Fame.  Overwhelmed by the great turnout of all these super fans that love baseball so much for coming out here and enjoying this honor with me, and so very proud to be one of the newest members of the National Baseball Hall of Fame.  This journey started about 42 years ago in a little town of Brunswick, Georgia.  Looking back on those days and little leaguer, the Hall of Fame is not even a blinking star, but thro ugh baseball travels and moving up the ladder, that star begins to flicker.  Moving to Tampa in '69, playing little league at Bayshore for Dr. Wolf, who is here today, my first manager, moving on to Palma Ceia, playing for David Fyfe at Plant High School.  I remember that June night in '76 when I got drafted by the Boston Red Sox and George Digby, a visionary, one of the greatest scouts because he believed in me, a little scrawny, skinny kid from Tampa, Florida.  He saw something that a lot o f other people passed up on.  On that night, my dad, Coach Fyfe, went outside after the offer, talked it over, came back inside. I said, "Where do I sign?"  I said, "Let's go."  My dad said, "You're going to have to make a choice, son, college ball or pro ball."  I made that choice in 1976 and it was off to Elmira where my professional journey started with Dick Berardino, one of the toughest managers I ever played for.  I grew up a lot that year.  Elmira was the first time that I decided to c ome see the Hall of Fame in 1976, and who would have ever thought as an 18 years old kid my first year in pro ball that one day my plaque would be hanging in Cooperstown.  Moving up the ladder from Winston - Salem to Pawtucket.  In 1982, final ly making it to the big leagues.  The one dream that every little leaguer shares is making it to the big leagues.I want to thank the late Mrs. Yawkey.  She was a great lady, not only a great friend but a great owner.  My wife and I Debbie would like to thank her.  Ralph Houk, my first manager was the first guy to believe in me and had the confidence to put me on the major league roster.  John McNamara in 1986 took us to the World Series.  He's a great friend and he helped me so much through a tough time.  I had a fantastic hitting coach in Walt Hriniak.  I believe he's here today.  Biggest motivator I ever had.  He was able to get the most out of me each and every day.  One guy that I wish was here right now, Ted Williams, hel ped me so much, our long talks, not about hitting but about fishing, one of Ted's passions, and I wish he was here today to share this with me because I owe so much to Ted Williams.  Then there's Johnny Pesky, hit me countless number of grou nd balls and improved my fielding so much.  Bill Fischer, a pitching coach for Boston at the time, countless hours of batting practice, the best BP I ever had, four straight batting titles with Bill, thanks, Bill.  My journey took a surprisi ng turn in 1992.  I left Boston and who would have ever thought I would wind up with the New York Yankees?  The owner of the New York Yankees, Mr. George Steinbrenner who I had the greatest respect for, I want to thank him for giving me the opportunity to win that special ring in 1996.  Each player has a job to do and when everything comes together, through team work and hard work, everybody of the 25 players, that special dream comes true just like it did in '96, so when you wear the same so cks for every game, or you have chicken every day, believe me, I have a few superstitions, and they work.  Clete Boyer, who is also here today, took my fielding to a gold glove level.  One of the most memorable moments I have, this was 1994, and getting a call 12:30 at night from Don Mattingly, that made it special.  It's not only a great accomplishment for me but Donnie wanted to be the one to tell me.  In 1998, I wound up in Tampa, expansion team with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays . Mr. Namoli, I'd like to thank you for giving me that opportunity to come home and play in front of my family and friends.  It was a special time for me.  Thank you.  My train ride began in 1976 in Elmira with many stops along the way, but today, that train has pulled into Cooperstown, New York and I found a new family here at the Hall of Fame, and my wife and I believe this is a beginning of another baseball journey.  At this time I'd like to thank a few family and friends: M y agent Allan Nero and all the hard working people at Coordinated Sports.  Thank you for all the things you've done for my wife and family.  Kim Morton and Cathi Leonard for all the work you do for my foundation.  I couldn't do it without you.  Andrea Hurm , our nanny for 25 years taking care of the kids.  It took a load off of Debbie and I.  Thank you very much. The Porrecas, the Leonards and the Hurms, our extended family.Daddy, I wouldn't be up here without you.  I owe everything to you.  My mentor, my idol.  Anyone can be a father, but it takes someone special to be a dad, and that's why I call you dad, because you are so special to me.  You taught my the game and you taught me how to play it right.  Thank you, dad, along with my step mom Pat.  Thank you for being here and enjoying this wonderful day, because without you, I wouldn't be standing up here.  My wife Debbie, thank goodness she cooked that chicken all those years.  That was great.  Honey, I love you.  You're my ro ck, my best friend, I love you.  I love you.  You're so special.  You're the glue that holds everything together, sweetheart.  Our daughter Megan, I love you honey.  Our son Brett, my brother Wayne and his family are here, my sister Ann is here along with her husband Warren, my mother - in - law Mildred Berticelli, my wife's sister Betty and her family, my wife's brother David and his family and the rest of my family.  There's one person that's not here today.  She should be, but she's here in sp irit.  Growing up all those years and taking me to little league.  1986, June 17th was the last game she missed.  She was the rock of the family.  She had to wear two hats because of my father being in the Air Force.  Mom, I love you, I miss you.  I wish y ou were here.  In closing, I want to say one special thing.  I am living proof that dreams come true.  In life, so many things are taken for granted, but one thing I can honestly say is that I took every day, enjoyed the game of putting on t hat uniform and playing the great game of baseball.  I have a message for the young kids.  Life is about obstacles, endeavors in life are not to be overlooked.  Our lives are not determined by what happens to us but how we react to what happ ens, not by what life brings us but the attitude we bring to life.  A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes.  It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.  One final thought.  Just remem ber, baseball is just a game, whether it's your second year in little league or your second year in the big leagues, you should always play the game with passion, play the game with heart, and play the game you loved and possibly one day your dreams can co me true just like mine did so many years ago when I first started dreaming about playing baseball and making it to the big leagues.  Thank you to all my friends for coming a long way from Tampa and around the United States.  Thank you and ma y God bless you.  Thank you.
RYNE SANDBERG:  What a beautiful day this is.  I stand here today before you humbled and a grateful baseball player.  I am truly honored and in awe, honored to be in the c lass with my fellow inductee Wade Boggs.  And as I look behind me here, wow, at the greatest players in the history of the game, I am in awe.  I know that if I had ever allowed myself to think this was possible, if I had ever taken one day in pro ball for granted, I'm sure I would not be here today.  This will come as a shock I know, but I am almost speechless.  The reason I am here, they tell me, is that I played the game a certain way, that I played the game the way it was supposed to be played.  I don't know about that, but I do know this:  I had too much respect for the game to play it any other way, and if there was there was a single reason I am here today, it is because of one word, respect.  I love to play baseball.  I'm a baseball player.  I've always been a baseball player.  I'm still a baseball player.  That's who I am.  CROWD:  We love you, R yno.  RYNE SANDBERG:  I love you too.  I was a baseball player when I was ten or 12 years old pretending to be Willie Stargell or Johnny Bench or Luis Tiant, when my bat was an old fungo, my ball was a plastic g olf ball, when the field was the street and my older brother Del and I would play all day.  I was a baseball player at North Central High School in Spokane, Washington even though I was all city in basketball, even when I sign ed a letter of intent to play quarterback with Washington State.  That's why Del advised me to turn down the chance to play football and sign with the Phillies out of high school.  I had too much respect for the game to leave it behind or to make it my second or third sport in college.  Everything I am today, everything I have today, everything I will ever be is because of the game of baseball, not the game you see on TV or in movies, baseball, the one we all know, the one we played with whiffle ball bats pretending to be Yaz or Fisk or Rose, in dirt fields and in allies.  We all know that game.  The game fit me because it was right.It was all about doing things right.  If you played the game the right way, played the game for the team, good things would happen.  That's what I loved most about the game, how a ground out to second with a man on second and nobody out was a great thing.  Respect.  I was taught coming up in the Phillies organization to be seen and not heard by people like Pete Rose, my hero growing up, and players like Mike Schmidt and Steve Car lton and Manny Trillo.  I understood that.  My parents, Derwent and Elizabeth, who are no longer with us, understood that.  My mom was at every single game I played as a kid, rain or shine.  My dad always said, "Keep your nose clean, your mouth shut and your eyes and ears open because you might learn something."  My sister Maryl and my late brother Lane knew this too, so did my first professional manager, Larry Rojas, a gu y who was always in my corner as I climbed through the Phillies organization, guys like Bill Harper, the scout that signed me, Ken Eilmes, my high school coach, PJ Carey, a Phillies coach, they taught me to respect the game ab ove all else.  The fourth major league game I ever saw in person, I was in uniform.  Yes, I was in awe.  I was in awe every time I walked on to the field.  That's respect.  I was taught you never, ever disrespect your opponent or your team mates or your organization or your manager and never, ever your uniform.  Make a great play, act like you've done it before, get a big hit, look for the third base coach and get ready to r un the bases, hit a home run, put your head down, drop the bat, run around the bases, because the name on the front is a lot more important than the name on the back.  That's respect.  My managers like Don Zimme r and Jim Frey, they always said I made things easy on them by showing up on time, never getting into trouble, being ready to play every day, leading by example, being unselfish.  I made things easy on them?  These things they talk about, playing every day, that was my job.  I had too much respect for them and for the game to let them down.  I was afraid to let them down.  I didn't want to let them down or let the fans down or my teammate s or my family or myself.  I had too much respect for them to let them down.  Dallas Green brought me to Chicago and without him, who knows?  I couldn't let him down.  I owed him too much.  I had too much respec t for him to let him down.  People like Harry Caray and Don Zimmer used to compare me, they used to compare meto Jackie Robinson.  Can you think of a better tribute thanthat?  But Harry, who was a huge supporter of mine, used to say ho w nice it is that a guy who can hit 40 homers or steal 50 bases drive in a hundred runs is the best bunter on the team.  Nice?  That was my job.  When did it become okay for someone to hit home runs and forget how to play the r est of the game?  When we went home every winter, they warned us not lift heavy weights because they didn't want us to lose flexibility.  They wanted us to be baseball players, not only home run hitters.  I played high school football at 185 pounds and played big league baseball at 182.  I'd get up to maybe 188 in the off season because every summer I'd lose eight to ten pounds.  In my day, if a guy came to spring training 20 pounds he avier than what he left, he was considered out of shape and was probably in trouble.  He'd be under a microscope and the first time he couldn't beat out a base hit or missed a fly ball, he was probably shipped out.  These guys sitting up here did not pave the way for the rest of us so that players could swing for the fences every time up and forget how to move a runner over to third, it's disrespectful to them, to you, and to the game of baseball that we all played growing up.  Respect.  A lot of people say this honor validates my career, but I didn't work hard for validation.  I didn't play the game right because I saw a reward at the end of th e tunnel.  I played it right because that's what you're supposed to do, play it right and with respect.  If this validates anything, it's that learning how to bunt and hit and run and turning two is more important th an knowing where to find the little red light at the dug out camera.  If this validates anything, it's that guys who taught me the game, coaches like Billy Williams, Chuck Cottier, John Vukovich, Jose Martinez, Billy Connors and Ruben Amaro; teammates like Larry Bowa who took me under his wing, Rick Sutcliff who was like an older brother, Bob Dernier, the half of the daily double, they did what they were supposed to do and I did what I was supposed to do.  There was Gary Matthews, the Sarge.  He wouldn't let me down.  He was always in the on - deck circle when I was batting and if there was a pitch who that almost hit me or knocked me down, Sarge would be halfway to the mound coming at the pitcher, "Get the ball over the plate or face the consequences."  I saw a lot of fast balls down the middle because of Sarge and I had too much respect for how hard he played to give it any less than he did.Sure I worked hard to get the most out of my God given ability, but that's what we all did back then.  That's what every one of these guys sitting here did.  There were a lot of players who worked just as hard as I did and if you didn't, you didn't stay in the big leagues.  There were guys like Bill Buckner, an incredible big league hitter, the first pure hitter I spent time w ith in the big leagues.  I saw him come through town with the Spokane Indians in Triple A with Tommy Lasorda and a whole team full of guys who went to the World Series.  They all worked hard.  There was Shawon D unston and Mark Grace, and together we were a double play combination for ten years.  Shawon Dunston, who knew three weeks in advance if we were facing Nolan Ryan and always had a hamstring pull playing the day before.  Mark G race, who made sure Shawon knew he was supposed to get every popup from foul line to foul line on the infield.  We could read each other's minds on the field and off.  They worked hard.  How could I let them down?  B y not being prepared for everything that might happen in the field, at the plate or on the bases?  Respect.  Andre Dawson, the Hawk.  No player in baseball history worked harder, suffered more or did it better th an Andre Dawson.  He's the best I've ever seen.  Stand up Hawk.  The Hawk.  I watched him win MVP for a last place team in 1987 and it was the most unbelievable thing I've ever seen in baseball.  He did it the right w ay, the natural way and he did it in the field and on the bases and in every way, and I hope he will stand up here someday.  We didn't get to a World Series together but we almost got there, Hawk.  That's my regret, that we di dn't get to a World Series for Cub fans.  I was in the post season twice and I'm thankful for that.  Twice we came close.  It reminds me of the guy walking down the beach.  He finds a bottle, pops the cork and a genie comes out to grant him one wish.  The guy says my wish is for peace between the Israelis and Palestinians.  Here's a map of the Middle East.  Genie takes the map, studies it for hours and hours.  Finally gives it back to the guy and says, is there anything else you want to wish for?  This is impossible.  The guy says well, I always wanted to see the cubs in a World Series.  The genie looks at him, reaches out and says, let me have another look at that map.    In baseball, there's always the next day.  I always thought there would be another chance.  It didn't happen, but I feel fortunate for the two chances we had and it's just a shame we didn't go to a World Series for Cub fans.  You can't do it on your own.And I want to say thank you to every teammate, coach, manager and just as important my opponents who made the game fun for me.  I want to say thank you to friends like D oug Dascenzo, Yosh Kawano, Arlene Gill, Jimmy Farrell, John Fierro, my cubs trainer for ten years, and Marty Hare, an old high school teammate.  To Jimmy turner, Kathy Lintz and Peter Bensinger, advisors, confidants and close friends, thank you.  Also, Barry Roz ner, great writer and good friends.  It's fun talking baseball with you, Barry.  Thank you.  To the Baseball Writers Association, I thank you for granting me this in credible honor.  I think a large part of this is the fact that I was a great interview and gave you so many quotes you could wrap a story around.  Seriously, I know I wasn't the best interview for many of those years, but I wa sn't trying to be difficult.  I had other things on my mind.  Baseball wasn't easy for me.  I struggled many times when maybe it didn't look like I was struggling and I had to work hard every day.  I had to prepare me ntally every day.  I had to prepare physically every day and I didn't leave many scraps for the writers.  I hope you also understand why I would not campaign for this or help you sell this.  It's the best award in all of sports and I think if I had expected anything, if I was thinking about it too much or crunching the numbers, it would have taken away from the prestige of this incredible honor.  To the great folks her e at the Hall of Fame, Jane Forbes Clark, Dale Petrosky, Jeff Idelson, Kim Bennett, Brad Horn, Ted Spencer and Evan Chase, thanks for making this entire year a joy for me and my family, one we will certainly never forget.  I've been lucky enough to be welcomed into three new families since I arrived in Chicago.  As great a public speaker as I am, I don't have the words to describe Cub fans who welcomed me as a rookie, were patient thr ough my 1 - for - 32 start and took me into their homes and into their hearts and treated me like a member of their family.  You picked me up when I was down.  You lifted me to heights that I didn't know I could reach.  Y ou expected a certain level of play for from me and you made me play at that level for a long time.  I know there are a lot of Cub fans here today.  I feel like every Cub fan in the world is here with me today.  And by th e way, for what it's worth, Ron Santo just gained one more vote from the veteran's committee.  Thank you to these men here, these Hall of Famers, the greatest players in the history of baseball who have welcomed mein and treated me as an equal.  It's going to take some getting used to, but I thank you for your kindness and respect.  This is the second best thing that's ever happened to me.  Lastly, I joined a new fami ly when my wife Margaret, BR, Adriane and Steven took me, Lindsey and Justin into their family and together we have made quite a happy family.  I love all of you.  You are probably wondering what was the first w hen I said this honor is the second best thing that's ever happened to me.  My wife Margaret is the best thing that's ever happened to me.  She is my best friend, she is the love of my life.  She is my salvation.  She' s my past, my present, my future.  She is my sun, my moon, my stars.  She is everything that's good about life and I thank her for entering my life at a time when I needed her most.  I love you.  The feeling I'v e had since I got the call is a feeling I suspect will never go away.  I'm told it never does.  It's the highest high you can imagine.  I wish you all could feel what I feel standing here.  This is my last big game.  This is m y last big at - bat.  This is my last time catching the final out.  I dreamed of this as a child but I had too much respect for baseball to think this was ever possible.  I believe it is because I had so much respect f or the game and respect for getting the most out of my ability that I stand here today.  I hope others in the future will know this feeling for the same reason:  Respect for the game of baseball.  When we all played it, it was mandatory.  It's something I hope we will one day see again.  Thank you, and go Cubs.
