CAL RIPKEN, JR : Thank you, Commissioner Selig and all you do for baseball.  And thanks everyone he re at the Hall of Fame for this great weekend and honor.  I've really appreciated all the people who have congratulated me in the months since my election to the Hall of Fame.  It sure helped me get over a conversation I had recently with a 10 - year old bo y I was instructing.  I was teaching him hitting and he was starting to have success and feeling quite proud of himself.  And he asked me, "So, did you play baseball?" I said, "Yes, I played professionally."  And he goes, "Oh, yeah, for what team?"  I said , "I played with the Baltimore Orioles for 21 years."  And he said, "What position?"  And I said, "Mostly short stop but a little third base at the end."  And he began to walk away and he looked back and said, "should I know you?" That certainly puts all t his in perspective.  As I thought about this day, I couldn't help but say to myself you don't get to a place like this and join a group like the men seated behind me without a lot of people supporting you along the way.  If I thanked them all individually, I'd keep you here longer than the streak.  But I do want to talk about some who stand out in my memory.  A big part of me reaching this Hall was played by my teammates and the Oriole organization.  From the front office to the training room and the men I played with through the years, I was a better player because I was part of the Oriole way.  And that way was epitomized by my good friend Eddie Murray with whom I team up again in this Hall of Fame.  He led by example and he inspired me with his play and h is friendship.  Thank you, Eddie.  And then there are the fans of baseball.  And in particular, the people of Baltimore who cheered my successes and stood by me when things weren't going so well.  Where would any of us in this game be without the people wh o love the game and their teams and who even make trips to events like this long after we've put down our gloves and bats?  I know some fans have looked at the streak as a special accomplishment, and while I appreciate that, I always looked at it as just s howing up for work every day.  As I look out on this audience, I see thousands of people who do the same, teachers, police officers, mothers, fathers, business people and many others.  You all may not receive the accolades that I have throughout my career, so I'd like to take the time out to salute all of you for showing up, working hard and making the world a better place.  Thank you all.  As I played this game, there were special friends who made it possible for me to be the best I could be on the field w ith their support off the field.  There was Jimmy Williams who taught and guided me to the big leagues, and Richie Bancells who kept me and my body on the field and was a great listener in our off the field moments, and BradyAnderson, simply my best frien d, and John "T Bone" Shelby with whom I started a life - long friendship from our earliest days of struggling together in the minor leagues.  And most of all, I count the blessings of my family.  Imagine how lucky I am to call the man whose memory I revere to this day by so many important names, teacher, coach, manager and especially dad.  He was for me and many others an example of how to play and prepare for the game the right way, the Cal Senior way.  And alongside him or in place of him, there was always m y mom who to this day shines as an example of devotion to family, community, humility, integrity and love.  Mom, the words are hard to find to let you know how much I love you back.  My sister and brothers, including Ellie and Fred, are all members of the Ripken team, and what a bunch of supportive teammates they have been.  Another of them, Bill, you know, the serious one, became my team mate on the field with the Orioles and remains my partner and friend in Ripken baseball today.  Just saying his name puts a smile on my face.  And our children, Rachel Marie and Ryan Calvin that not only gave me a whole new understanding of life but they also continue to bring me pride as they continue to grow and meet life's challenges.  I'm so proud to stand here today and tell them how much I love and care for them.  Next to them is the love of my life.  She didn't know anything about baseball or me when we first met, but she has learned and stood by me and supported me throughout our years together.  Kelly, I hope you kno w how much I appreciate your love and your always being there for me.  I love you and I thank you.  Ryan, I might need a little help transporting this (rose given to Kelly Ripken).  My life in baseball has been one giant blessing.  But when I finished play ing, and I say finished playing rather than retired because I felt that I was not at an ending, but rather at another beginning in my life.  I had the opportunity to look back on my playing career and take stock of experience, knowledge and values that cou ld shape the next stage of my life.  Whether it be the last game of the streak or the last day of my playing career, I am a believer that such mile stones open doors of opportunity for new and exciting endeavors.  In the present chapter of my life, I have c reated a company and helped to organize a foundation through which I have taken all that I have learned as a player and translated it into programs to make the young people of today be aspiring players of tomorrow.  And I hope that I set an example for the m as men like Lou Gerhig and the remarkable people seated up here have been for me and so many others.  My opportunity to work with children and their coaches across this great country, and for that matter the world, enables me to tell you first hand that the game of baseball is alive and well.  I see that as we work to help mold another generation of young people into thefuture scholastic players, professional players and even the big leaguers and Hall of Famers of tomorrow.  We all hear about how basebal l imitates life, which held especially true for my dad.  He used to say that everything that happens in baseball happens in life and everything that happens in life happens in baseball.  He certainly taught us about life through baseball.  But I also have to admit that as a young man with a limited view of the world, baseball and life became one for me and it was difficult to see beyond playing the game.  Did you ever stop to think about how your life would unfold or imagine how you would like your life to turn out?  One of those reflective pauses happened in my life when I was around 18 years old.  I thought I had it all figured out, I would play big league baseball until about 45 and then worry about the rest of my life after that.  It took me a little whi le, but I did come to realize that baseball was just one part of my life with the possible exception of this weekend, of course.  This was never more clear to me than when we had children.  I realized that the secret of life is life, and a bigger picture c ame into focus.  Games were and are important, but people and how you impact on them are most important.  While we all work to develop into productive people for our own happiness, it is also vital that we do so for the good of society as a whole.  As I ca me to know the importance of my role in the development of my children, I began to sense the impact I could have on other kids.  It is all about coming to the realization that we all have within us the power to develop and pursue almost anything we set our mind to, and that is the message and opportunity we want to pass to all children.  We are the ambassadors for the future, just as a baseball player wants to leave his mark on the game and leave it a little better than he found it, we should all try to mak e this world a better place for the next generation.  When I realized that I could use baseball to help make life better especially for the kids, baseball became a platform.  By trying to set a good example, I could help influence young people in positive and productive ways.  And some of this became apparent to me in my earliest playing days.  So as my major league career unfolded, I started playing a little more attention to my actions.  I remember when Kenny Singleton showed me a tape of me throwing my h elmet down after a strike out and all he said was, "How does that look?"  I remember learning about a family who saved their money to come to Baltimore to see me play.  I got thrown out in the first inning and their little boy cried the whole game.  I reme mber how I reacted with anger when dad was fired after an oh and six start, and after each of those events and others, I vowed to act better the next time.  Yes, these were only little things, but as dad used to say, if you take care of all the little thing s, you'll never have a big thing to worry about.  As the years passed, it became clear to me that kids see it all, and it's not just some of your actions that influence, it's all of them.  Whether we like it or not as big leaguers, we are role models.  The only question is will we be positive or will it be negative.  Should we put players up on a pedestal and require them to take responsibility?  No.  But weshould encourage them to use their influence positively, to help build up and develop the young peop le who follow the game.  Sport can play a big role in teaching values and principles.  It can be a huge developmental tool for life.  Just think, team work, leadership, work ethic and trust are all part of the game and are also all factors in how we make th e most of our lives.  So an essential part of the job of every player and of all people for that matter is to help the young people of today learn these lessons so they can live better lives tomorrow.  Today, my friend Tony Gwynn and I officially become me mbers of the Hall of Fame, and I congratulate Tony for all that he has achieved.  Tony, I always admired your enthusiasm for the game and your great accomplishments as a hitter, and that same great batting stance you seemed to use day in and day out, somet hing that I could never be accused of doing.  And congratulations to Rick Hummel and Denny Matthews as well.  But this day and all that it represents shouldn't be just about us or even about all these great Hall of Famers up here.  Today is about celebratin g the best that baseball has been and the best it can be.  I realize what I'm about to say is ironic since I'm often known for the consecutive games streak that helped define my career and my approach to the game, the streak is marked by a number, a start and an end, but I can assure you it was not accomplished with a view to a given number or end point, and I certainly wasn't aware when I started in this game where it would lead me.  You see, I truly believe there are no endings, just points at which we be gin again, as players do 162 times a season and if they are lucky, a few more times each fall.  And finally, as I experience another new beginning with this induction, I can only hope that all of us, whether we have played on the field or been fans in the stands, can reflect on how fortunate we are and can see our lives as new beginnings that allow us to leave this world a bit better than when we came into it.  Thank you.

TONY GWYNN : Thank you.  I love you too.  Thank you.  I'll say thank you to Jane Clark, Dale Petroskey, Jeff Idelson and Kim Bennett.  Our stay here has been tremendous.  For the first Hall of Fame to see this many people, riding on the bus I was listening to the other Hall of Famers on the bus that they couldn't remember a time seeing this many people, so for us four guys to come here for the first time on induction weekend and see so many people here, we cannot begin to say thank you enough.  So thank you.  Can I call a time out here, because I need my notes here because I'm going to struggle.  Hold up. They've been telling me all day it's my day.Commissioner Selig, thank you.  I want to congratulate Denny and Rick on being here today.  Cal, the last six - and - a - half months, I'm telling you, it' s been unbelievable being able to hang out with you.  My congratulations to you and your family, to everybody and their family.  For me, this story kind of begins in Long Beach, California.  As a kid growing up, my brothers and I watched baseball all the t ime, played it all the time in our back yard, and for us, I don't think any of us thought that hitting a fig or hitting a sock ball or hitting a wad of tape was going to turn into this.  Just unbelievable.  With my brother, my older brother Charles, he kin d of led the charge.  He was kind of the first guy to get out, and every day Chris and I would sit at home waiting for him to come back to tell us whether he had won or not, and for like 16 straight games, they won.  And that first time that he came home i n the championship game and they lost, Chris and I were crushed, but it kind of taught us a lesson in that if you want something and you want to compete and you want to be successful, you've got to get out there and you've got to try.  You're never going t o find out sitting at home.  And Chris and I were sitting at home.  And so the next year I was old enough to go out and start playing myself.  And in the course of playin g, you run into or you have the good fortune to play for some good coaches, and for me I played for three little league coaches that are very important to me, Nick Ortega, Joe Perruico and his dad, we called him Mr. P because his name was Isadore and as kids we had trouble saying Isadore so we called him Mr. P.  With those guys they really kind of taught us a foundation with us about the fundamentals of the game.  Later on I would go on to p lay basketball.  And basketball is a lot different sport, it's constant motion.  And three coaches again, Jim Ferguson and Ron Palmer and Errol Parker, t hose three guys kind of left me with some information that would help me when I got to this level.  And then from there it was on to San Diego State , and I went there on a basketball scholarship, believe it or not.  I know people are out there sitting at h ome shaking their heads like these guys up here are shaking their heads, you went there on a basketball scholarship?  Played there four years, played varsity four years, and Tim Vezie was my first coach there and he told me that as a point guard your job i s to make sure that everybody on the floor, all your teammates are better players.  And again, words that he's trying to teach me how to play the game of basketball, but later on would have a huge impact on what I would later become.  At the same time, the reason why I went to San Diego State is so that I could play baseball also, and I played for a guy there by the name of Jim Dietz, and Jim Dietz is a baseball man.  He's a fundamental man.  He wants you to bat the bases up, hit your cutoff, do all the littl e things in the game of baseball that when you get to this level, all of a sudden those words that my little league coaches, my basketball coaches and now in college, my college coaches, they came into play.From there, June 6th, June 6th is a very import ant date in my life because June 6th is the day that I met my bride Alicia Lorraine Church, and from that point on, my life was pretty much set because we were partners in this.  We were going to go, she was going to let me go out and play baseball and she was going to raise our children, and I get constantly reminded of this once I got to the big leagues, because getting to the big leagues, I don't want to say it's easy, but once you get here, the object is to stay here.  And my wife a allowed me to go kin d of chase my dreams.  She allowed me to go out and spend all the time I could trying to be the best baseball player that I could be, and I'm saying it now because I'm trying to stay in order.  Honey, I'll get back to you at the end.  Two days later, June 8 th, 1981 , I got drafted in the morning by the San Diego Padres, Jack McKeon who I saw here yesterday is the reason I was drafted by the Padres.  The whole time I thought I was going to be an Astro and out of the blue the Padres called me in the morning wan ting to know what my middle name was, and because I hadn't heard of them all year I thought oh, Lord I'm going to be wearing a brown uniform.  I signed with the -- I also got drafted by the Clippers later on in that afternoon and I don't think we'll ever s ee a guy get drafted in two sports on the same day, two different sports on the same day because the drafts have become shows themselves as we found out this year with Major League baseball, we had our own draft show and it was pretty cool.  I signed with the Padres, I went off to Walla Walla , Washington, and that year in 1981 the big league teams were on strike and so teams, what they did was they didn't want to just hand out a free paycheck, they sent the coaches off to the minor league spots, and so in W alla Walla, Washington the two coaches they sent to me was Frank Howard, who was the manager of the Padres at that time and Bobby Tolan who was the hitting coach.  And after signing with the Padres, after playing three years at San Diego State using an alum inum bat my concern going to pro ball was would I be able to swing a wood bat?  Would I be able to generate enough bat speed to make it at this level?  And Bobby Tolan assured me I would be able to do that and he promptly took me out on the field, gave me a Fungo bat and said here, I'm going to flip you some balls and take your swing.  That day I hit balls further than I ever hit in my life.  I really thought this game was going to be easy and he reassured me he wasn't.  The three guys I played with three gu ys off that Walla Walla team that eventually made it to the big leagues, one was a guy by the name of Greg Booker who I know is text messaging right now as I speak.  The other one is a guy that I think a lot of you guys probably know, he's on Baseball Toni ght probably three, four times a week, Johnny Kruk, and all three of us when they signed were three of the most quietest people you'd ever want to meet.  None of us really knew what the heck we were doing, we were going to play pro ball we were riding on t hese buses and for the first time we were away from home, and we got out on the road and we kind of made a pact with each other that we were going to try our best to get to the big leagues and have some success.  And so from there, again , you get started i n your minor league career and you have some success right away.  I started out in Walla Walla, Washington which is the NorthwestLeague which is A ball, got off to a pretty good start.  Jack Krol was the manager of the club and he said Tony, and I didn't believe him when he said it, he said, "Tony, you're too good for this league we are going to have to move you up a notch."  And me being inexperienced with pro ball said, "Why, Jack.  I'm having a good time, why do I have to move up?"  He said, "You want t o get to the big leagues, don't you?"  I said, "Yes." "Then we have to move you up."  I went from low A to AA to Amarillo, Texas.  You follow these little credoes in this game, and at the time in the minor leagues they said if you can have success in the AA level, you can have success in the big leagues.  I was only at Amarillo and I hit .462 so going into the winter I was pretty convinced that given the opportunity, I could do good in the big leagues.  Later on that year I got a chance to meet a guy I ido lized as a kid and would have an opportunity to play against as a professional, and that was Rod Carew.  The Padres and the Angels, we shared complexes and I heard earlier in the day Rod Carew was going to come out and speak to the Angel players, and becau se I was a Padre I wasn't allowed and so what I did was I kind of hid and listened to his whole spiel on how to bunt to the Angel guys, which by the way, Rod, I don't think any of those guys were listening to you like I was.  Got an opportunity to talk to, got an opportunity like I have with a lot of these guys sitting here today, had an opportunity to talk to them, asked them about their craft, how they do what they do.  One thing about the game of baseball, if you want something, you can't be afraid to as k, and as a lot of these guys will tell you, I pestered the heck out of a lot of these guys.  So I had the opportunity to talk to him and he gave me some really great advice, be yourself, hit the ball where it's pitched, work the count, hit a ball in the s trike zone.  That was all stuff I would carry on with me to the big leagues.  And then once I got to the big leagues, there was a cardinal rule when you got to the big leagues, keep your eyes and ears open, keep your mouth shut, and I did that a lot.  I ke pt my mouth shut.  I laughed a lot because laughter I learned later on would be that thing that would disarm people.  And so 1982 my first year in the big leagues, I'm getting a taste of what big league baseball is all about and I love it.  Couple years la ter, 1983, c oming back from a wrist injury, I hadn't had a whole lot of time, I got hurt playing winter ball, missed half of the season, a turning point I think in my career, and that was in June of 1983 I was struggling, I was struggling bad, I was hittin g .220 and we were on the road and I called home and I asked my wife, I said, "Honey, do you think you could hit the record button for me?"  And we had an eight month old, our son Anthony was eight month old, he was running around the house in diapers, tea ring everything up, pulling everything off the tables, just a real active child.  And luckily for me my wife said yes, she hit the record button and from the time I came home from that trip to the day I retired, I was a big believer in video.  I would not be standing here today without video, and again, my wife hit the button and all of a sudden, it just opened up a new avenue for me because I learned at this level, it's about knowing what you do when you get in that batter's box, it's about knowing how the y are going to pinch hit, how they are going to play you, how they are going to attack you, and you have the game plan to try to attack them because pitchers have the ball in their hand and they feel like they are dictating the action, but I can guarantee you there's some guys on this podium today who maybe won't yell it out, but you know what, when they had the bat inthe hand they kind of dictated the action.  For me it was a whole lot more fun because I really didn't hit the ball out of the ball park.  S ome pitchers would stand on the mound and look at me and say he's not going to strike out, he's going to put the ball in place and I would take advantage of that.  So video really helped me to learn that.  1984 was really a good year for us, for the Padres .  We had some veteran guys in our club, a Steve Garvey, a Goose Gossage, a Craig Nettles and I was the fortunate one because my locker was right in the middle of all those guys, of Garvey, of Terry Kennedy, Bruce Bochy and Craig Nettle, and every day they talked about baseball and how the game was played and the things you need to do and how to go about your business.  And for me Steve Garvey was great, he gave me good advice, he gave me the kind of advice that a young player can take and try to run with i t, so I did.  I really tried to emulate some of the things that Garv told me.  He said, "Stay on an even keel."  He said, "Never get too high, too low, just go about your business, go about your business the right way."  And that's what I tried to do.  '84 was also my first al l star game and another kind of break through moment for me because you walk into that all star locker room for the first time and you're seeing all these names, Mike Schmidt, Ozzie Smith, all these names, and you just don't feel like y ou belong.  And my locker just happened to be between Ozzie Smith and Mike Schmidt and they welcomed me in, come on kid have a seat, just like these Hall of Famers, come on in kid, have a seat.  But you know that being in an all star game there was still a whole lot more to learn about the game.  One thing I learned about Ozzie that year at the all star game was that if I made any more all star games, I wanted my locker to be next to his and the reason why, because he laughed.  He laughed all the time.  And when you laugh and you can laugh at yourself and laugh at others, that makes the game a whole lot easier to play.  So every time I made an all star team, I was like put my locker next to Ozzie's locker because Ozzie can stir it up, really.  He's one of the best I've ever seen at stirring it up and I know he's making faces because I know something's coming later.  One other guy I'd like to mention because I think our careers kind of paralleled, and that's Wade Boggs.  Wade Boggs was the guy in the American L eague that put the numbers on the board and the guy that I tried to emulate because we had a similar style, we did similar things, but he was in the American League and I was in the National League and the things that he was doing on the field, that's what I wanted to do.  And pretty much from tha t point until 1992, things were like a pretty good player, a guy that really didn't hit the ball out of the ball park.  You've got your hits, you did your thing, and then in 1992, earlier in the year, I had a chanc e to sit down with Joe Morgan and we were talking about hitting and I was asking him about when the weather gets hot, do you lighten the weight on your bat, some hitting questions, and Joe could tell I really was intrigued about the art of hitting the base ball and he said, "You know what, Tony, at some point you need to sit down with Ted Williams." And later on in 1992 at the all star game I had a chance to sit down with Ted Williams, and I've got to tell you the reason why he made such a huge impact in my career I think isthat growing up my father talked about Ted Williams all the time, he had two guys, Ted Williams and Jackie Robinson.  My brothers and I, we had Ted Williams' book, that thing had all kinds of notes and pictures and diagrams in it.  I'd b een in the big league for 11 years and I wanted an opportunity to meet Ted Williams.  The first time I had a bat in my hand.  He said, "Hey, Tony, how you doing?  Give me your bat."  I gave him my bat and he started picking his teeth with it.  And if you'r e worth your salt as a hitter, your mind starts to race, it starts to tick and really what Ted really made me do, he made me think about the art of hitting a baseball.  I've got to tell you he was a great man, but he was ornery when it came to hitting a ba seball and I used to ask him, "Ted, you've got four guys on the right side of the field, why would you hit the ball the other way?"  "I wasn't going to let those guys beat me."  And that stubbornness, that feistiness I think kind of rubbed off on me and fr om that point in 1992 to the end of my career, as far as I'm concerned I was a much better hitter.  I've never been a home run guy, never been a big RBI guy, but from that point to the end of my career I was much better at it.  August 6, 1993, another ki nd of water shed moment for me, it's my mom's birthday, August 6th, and I got my 2,000th hit on August 6, 1993 and for the first time I think as a player I honestly thought about if I could get a thousand more, I'd have a chance of going to the Hall of Fame.  I was standing on first base with Gerald Clark, a former Padre, and the Padres, we didn't have many people get to the 2,000, as a matter of fact we hadn't had any get to the 2,000 mark, and we tended to kind of go overboard, the video, the fire works, th e messages from people across the league.  And I remember standing at first base telling Gerald, "Man, I've got to get a thousand more."  This is great, don't get me wrong, I'm happy to get to this point, you've got to get to this point to get to the next point, but to me hitting a 3,000 was going to kind of get me where I needed to go.  It was going to kind of justify the type of hitter that I was.  And so that's the first time I honestly thought I might have a chance to get here.  '98, we just had a treme ndous team in 1 998.  We were lucky enough to get to the World Series, won our division, beat the Astros, beat the Braves and happened to play the best team maybe in the history of the game, 1998, the Yankees, and getting to Yankee stadium for me is still o ne of the biggest thrills of my life, being able to walk out there with the monuments, seeing the history, the retired numbers, seeing the guys who kind of paved the way for us to get here.  And then 2001, October 9th, 2001 , that was the day I retired and I thought that I had a chance to get here and wasn't sure but that day, it dawned on me that you know what, you've had a pretty good career, people have enjoyed what you've done, and for me, what a day, what a day that was, and it's a lot like today.  You don't expect it, because I never really looked at what I did as being anything special.  I loved the game.  I think that's why you guys are here today, because you love the game, you have a passion for it.  I have a passion for it.  I still have a passion for it.  I just don't play any more.  I love teaching, I love wha t I'm doing now and I'm now the baseball coach at San Diego State, this is my fifth year, actually it's going to be my sixth th year, and I truly love what I do.  I'm a big believer in whatev er you want, if you want something out of this game,you've got to put the work in it.  You've got to work hard.  My father said you work hard, good things will happen.  Boy oh, boy he was absolutely right.  I worked hard in the game because I had to.  I wa sn't talented enough to just get by on a billing.  I really had to work at it.  I had to do the video stuff.  I had the extra hit.  I had to go about my business and do things the way I did.  I think people, we make a big deal about work ethic.  We make a b ig deal about trying to make good decision and doing things right, and you know what, we are supposed to.  That is what they pay us for.  When you sign your name, I'm a big believer when you sign your name on a dotted line, there's more than just playing th e game of baseball.  I think if you look out here today, you see all these people out here today, they love the game too and there's a responsibility when you put that uniform on that those people, the people who pay to go watch you play, you're responsibl e, you've got to make good decisions and show people how things are supposed to be done.  I played for one organiza tion, the San Diego Padres, and when this day started out today, I thought I was going to go third.  I thought I was going to get to hear wha t other people said about their towns and their cities.  I only know one way, that's the Padre way.  I wore brown, I wore the brown and gold, I wore the blue and orange.  I didn't get a chance to wear the sand and whatever color blue you want to call that, but I'm proud as heck to be a San Diego Padre.  I played for one team, I played in one town.  I told the people of San Diego when I left to come to Cooperstown, they were going to be standing up here with me, so I hope they are just as nervous as I am, be cause this is a tremendous honor to be here today.  There's some people that I want you to meet.  When I first started, I played for Ray and Joan Kroc, and both are deceased now, but Linda Ardell, their daughter, is here today.  Thank you for coming.  Next in line was Tom Werner, and the group of 13 or 14 or however many owners we had, Tom is one of the owners of the Boston Red Sox.  I don't know if he's here today, but John and Becky Moores, the best owners in baseball, thank you for being there for me.  J ohn Junior and Jennifer, I know you're here somewhere today too, thank you.  The community service team with the Padres, we did a lot of good work, didn't we, we did a lot of good work and we will continue to do good work.  Thank you.  And all the fans tha t hav e made this trek all the way to Cooperstown.  I can't begin to thank you.  I know some of you were in a bus, some of you drove in your cars.  I see the brown and gold, I see the orange and blue.  Again, thank you for coming.  You guys, I've got a time limit.  These guys are on me like a hawk.  I've got to finish because we don't want to get rained on out here.  My mom, she came with us t oday.  She came with us on this trip, but the whole time that we have been here, she's been a little bit under the we ather, so mom, I know you're watching on TV.  I love you.  Thank you for coming.  Don't feel bad about not being here.  We love you and I'm glad you could make the trip with us.  My father passed in 199 3 and this would be an event he would love to be at.  He would love it.My older brother Charles is here with his two daughters Danielle and Clarice, Chris my younger brother and his wife Joanne and their son and daughter Josh and Mya, thank you guys for coming.  And then my family, my wife who again, I woul d not be standing here today without her.  Honey, I love you.  Thank you.  My son is here.  He made it yesterday.  Him and his wife Alees, thank you guys for coming.  I'm going to be a grandpa in October for the first time so that child's got no chance, he' s got no chance.  And my daughter Anisha sang the Canadian Anthem and the National Anthem.  You guys, I'm so proud of you guys, I really am.  Your mom did a wonderful job and I kind of rode in on the back end.  You guys make me so proud just watching the w ay you handle.  Being a son of a major league player is sometimes a difficult thing, but you guys have always handled it great.  And the rest of my family, a nd that's you guys, that's the fans.  My adopted family, especially my fans from San Diego.  It was 20 years and I had a blast, I had a blast.  I truly enjoyed it, but it wouldn't have been nearly as much fun if you hadn't been as supportive as you were, so I say thank you for all of our fans sitting at PetCo park in the morning, thank you to the fans w ho made the trek, thank you to the fans who are here to see everybody.  I say thank you because you know what, for the rest of my life when I come here to the Hall of Fame and I look out and I see as many people as I see here today, I can say in our first time here, our first Hall of Fame weekend, the people were lined up way, way back through the trees, so thank you, everyone.  Thank you very much.  I really appreciate it.  Thank you.

