GEORGE GRANDE: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the 2003 Baseball Hall of Fame Induction Ceremonies.  Before we get going today, some of you way in the back not the front row in the back, may where we honor our Hall of Famers for the game of baseball, to honor a guy who was a darn good first baseman at Yale.  He became the captain there.  He went on to become the captain of our country as well.  Joining us, a guest of the Carter family, please welcome back former President George Bush.  This is a day for Hall of Famers, this is a day for celebration.  T his is a day where we will honor great contributors to our game of baseball.  And this is a day, if we all pray; rain away, right?  For most of us, early in our aseball career.  Today we will honor a man whose career just started celebrate, joining the Baseball Hall of Fame family for the McCoy family, for the Dayton Daily News , Hal McCoy.  Our Ford Frick b roadcasting winner today h e had trouble hitting the curve ball too, and all he did was make a career out of poking fun at himself.  He loves the game, we love him, this is ho combined a great smile with a sunny disposition.  He made it all the way from Culver City -- yes, Culver City to Cooperstown, Gary Carter.  Alright Oriole fans, you started the chant in of the greatest sw i tch - hitters of all time, Eddie Murray.  So many of you have returned multiple times to Cooperstown , and you can sense it in recent new dedication to this game of baseball.  And a new dedication of the Baseb all Hall of Fame and Museum to make it the very best it can be.  The architect of that new vision is the Chairman of the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum, and she greetings, Jane Forbes Clark.

JANE FORBES CLARK: you back here for your 24 th consecutive year as our wonderful master of ceremonies.  Whether you have traveled here from Montreal, New York City, Baltimore, or other places, welcome to Cooperstown.  And th ank you for joining us for one of the greatest weekends in gathered here in Cooperstown, this unique American village, this spiritual home of baseball, umpires, and pioneers.  As George said, we gather to honor Gary Carter and Eddie Murray.  T side the other to Cooperstown.o the distinguished careers of Hal McCoy, winner of the J.G. Taylor Spink Award, a nd Bob Uecker , winner of the Ford C. Frick Award.  Without broadcasters and writers bringing the game into our lives, And a t the Hall of Fame we are honored to act as the stewards of this rich history.  The history of a glorious game, a game that belongs to every fan.  It belongs to each of us.  And nowhere is the connect genera tions, and honor excellence more poignant than here, each year, at our Induction Ceremonies.  Welcome, thank you for joining us, you our platform guests and Hall of Fame members.

GEORGE GRANDE: Thank you , Ja ne .  A the people who are so much a part of our game of baseball, not only always in front of the scene, but behind the scene.  Jane talked about the new vision, the new growth at the Baseball Hall of Fame, and the man who is the steward of that is the president of the Baseball Hall of Fame, who has done so much in the last few years to make this Hall of Fam e your Hall of Fame.  Welcome, P resident Dale Petroskey.  And when you say the Hall of Fame family, you say the town of Coope to everyone in Cooperstown for welcom ing us this weekend.  Thank you everyone .  d be playing baseball this year.  L you to the c ommissioner of b aseball who combined with Don Fehr to bring baseball back.  The c ommissioner of baseball, Bud Selig.  The p resident and c hief o perating o fficer has been so much a part of so many of the small and large changes that have taken place in recent Bob DuPuy.  Association of America.  These are the men who bring the game to us day in and day out, these are the men who elect our electees to the Baseball Hall of Fam McCoy award later today, Paul Hagen from Philadelphia, the President of the Baseball accomplished a lot on the baseb all field, but he accomplished a lot more off the baseball field.  He won 224 games as a major leaguer .  He was a s enator from the state of Kentucky, Jim Bunning.  One hundred wins in bo th the American League and National League.  Only 1 , 000 walks in 17 years , and one of the outstanding contributors to our game, Jim Bunning.  Our next Hall of Famer had his career shortened a bit by a back injury, but boy did he pack a wallop.  By the time he was finished he rode a great home run swing all the way to welcome, still a New York Mets broadcaster, Ralph Kiner.  Number 4 led the league or tied for the league lead in home runs seven straight years.  He had congratulations, a statue unveiled in his honor in Pittsburgh this year.  And he even gets a bobblehead dol l from the Mets, how about that?  Ralph Kiner.  er started early.  At the age of 18 h e got right out of high school and went right to the major leagues.  Two years later, guess what ?  A t the age of 20 he had the American League b atting c hampionship.  One of w elcome back Al Kaline.  Number six had ten old gloves, 18 All - Star appearances, and in 1971 we talk about playing good defense through your whole career, at the age of 36 in 1971, this right fielder who was playing every day made no errors.  Zippo, no erro rs all season.  Al Kaline.  In 1968, Al Kaline had a great World Series.   He hit .379 against the Cardinals in the World Series.  Our next Hall of Famer was an MVP of a World Series.  One of the greatest relief pitchers of all time, number 34, Rollie Fing ers.  The In 1981, the AL MVP and the Cy Young Award winner from Milwaukee.  Rollie Fingers.  Rollie , of course, had over 300 saves.  Our next Hall of Famer was very special.  One of the great pitchers of a ll time.  Nobody had ever done it before : 3 , 000 strikeouts in his career; a nd less than 1 , 000 walks for his career.  He joined usfrom Canada.  Fergie Jenkins, number 31.  Seven times he won 20 games.  He won the Cy in 1971 when he had 24 victories.  Ferg uson Jenkins.  Fergie made everyone in his native Canada proud when he was elected and inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame.  Our next Hall of Famer, he made all of us proud when he took a bunch of guys who no one thought had a great chance of winning a gold medal.  But he took them to gold medal territory, winning an Olympic g old m edal.  After a brilliant career as a manager in the majors, Tommy Lasorda got a gold medal in the Olympics too.  20 years with the Dodgers, 1599 wins, 2 World Series titles, a nd eight National League West championships.  Tommy served his country at the Olympics.  Our next Hall of Famer served his country in World War II.  He gave four of his best productive years to be one of the best productive Americans that any one of us wil l ever know.  From Van Meter, Iowa, Rapid Robert, Bob Feller.  He won five campaign ribbons when he was in the service.  He led the American League in strikeouts seven times.  Three no - hitters and 12 one - hitters .  Bob Feller.  throw a pitch or hit a ball, but he sure had a big impact on the game of baseball.  He was a general manager for the Orioles, a general manager for the Yankees, and he followed his father into the Hall of Fame.  Forty - five year s in the front office.  From 1974 - 83 the President of the American League, Lee MacPhail.  Hard to believe, but it was 40 years ago that our next Hall of Famer led the American League in home runs.  He had 45.  By the time his career had wrapped up, all he had was 573 round tripper a giant of a man, a gentleman as well, Harmon Killebrew.  Number 3, he hit 40 or more homers eight times, 1969 he was the American League Most Valuable Player.  Harmon Killebrew.  Our next Hall of Famer was the man for the Yankees.  Imagine, 40 years ago he won 24 games, he was 24 - 7.  As usual his ERA was under 3.00.  And by the time it all wrapped up, this man had the number one winning percentage from the year 1900 on.  Because he was the chairm an of the board, Whitey For d .  Number American League in victories.  Number 16, Whitey Ford.  Whitey was known as the Chairman of the known as Bull.  That wa s in Puerto Rico.  So when he came to the United States, what did they call him?  They called him Baby Bull.  You could call him Cha - C ha.  Whatever else you Cepeda.  In 1958 he was the Rookie of the Year, he was the MVP and a six time All - Star .  Orlando Cepeda.  Thirty years ago, 1973, our next Hall of Famer was the Most Valuable player of the World Series.  It was just the start of the n ickname that would carry him right to today.  They called him Mr. Oct ober, Reggie Jackson joins us today.  Five hundred sixty - three homers.  Ten World Series homers in only 27 games.  Reggie.  Same year Reggie won the World Series MVP, our next Hall of Famer won the first o f what would be three Cy Young a wards.  The Oriole family knows him well, simply number 22.  The smooth motion, the perfect delivery, Jim Palmer.  268 wins, eight times 20 wins and those three Cy Young Awards.  Baltimore fans were treated to a lot of great today .  New York fans were treated to one of the greatest shortstops of all time.  One of the greatest personalities that our game has ever known.  Not just a great player, a great broadcaster as well.  A man who they simply called the Scooter, number ten , Phil Rizzuto.  1950, Most Valuable Player in the American League.  Hit .324, had 200 hits, and a five time All - Star .  Phil Rizzuto, T he Scooter.  of applause.  Phil, his wife Cora, celebrating their 60 th a nniversary this year.  Holy cow , you huckleberry.  20 years ago our next Hall of Famer wrapped up his career, and when he did he had more than 300 victories.  He wound up with 314.  He still bottle of Vas eline tucked away somewhere.  Gaylord Perry.  First to win a Cy Young in both leagues, 314 wins, five times 20 victories.  Gaylord .  Gaylord Perry.Ten years ago our next Hall of Famer was the All - Star chance to watch him for a whole lot longer than we did.  Unfortunately and injury to the retina in his eye prevented his career from being even greater.  But boy, it was even a great one as it Kirby Puckett.  Ten straight All - Star teams.  Six times a Gold Glove winner.  And wound up with a .318 average for his career with 200 home runs.  Kirby Puckett.  G reat to have you back, Kirb.  Kirby won six Gold Glove s, our next Hall of Famer won ten.  And Sparky said it about as well as you could : ody better behind back J.B., Johnny Bench.  Number five played Rookie of the Year , two time MVP.  And he caught 100 games, 13 straight yea rs.  Thirteen still walking pretty good.  got some great home run catchers that are about them as the day progresses.  Our next Hall o f Famer wound up with 465 by the time he have been a great football player, he could have been a great basketball player in the pros.  welcome back Winnie, Dave Winfield.   Seven times a Gold Glove winner, 12 times an All - Star .  22 years in major league baseball.  Dave Winfield.  H 7 , 80 , and Those are the years that this man won the Cy Young Award.  Four of them.  They called him Lefty.  Steve Carlton.  Number 32, six times a 20 game winner, 329 victories and over 4 , 000 strikeouts.  Steve Carlton.  Forty years ago, 1963, our next Hall of Famer was the All - Star MVP.  When e ver the light was on, whenever the pressure was on, he played his best.  Who was the greatest player of all time?  I question.  But who was the most exciting player that any one of us ever saw patrol center field?  Wearing number 24 on his back, the Say Hey Kid, Willie Mays.  Rookie of the Y two - time MVP, 11 Gold Glove s, 24 All - Star appearances, 660 home runs.  Willie played in 24 All - Star games.  Our next Hall of Famer played for 24 years.  And when it was all ov er he had 300 victories, yes.  And he had people swinging at everything and anything trying to try to catch up to his knuckle ball.  You 25 had one of the best knuckle Phil Niekro.  Five - time All - Star , 30 years ago pitched a no - hitter against San Diego , 45 shutouts and 49 shutout losses.  Great competitor, Phil Niekro.  Nuxie pitched in three different decades.  Our next Hall of Famer won batting titles in three decades.  No one had ever done that .  And again, no one ever hit like this guy.  From the Kansas City Royals, George Brett.  1976, 1980, 1990.  Twelve times an All - Star .  Those were his three years for a batting title.  George Brett.  George is one of the best pure hitters of all time .  Our next Hall of Famer was one of the greatest base stealers of all time.  What a great combination of power and speed and still to this day he is honored with the base stealing title in welcome back Lou Brock of the St. Louis Cardinals.  Nine hundred thirty - eight stolen bases.  Led the National League eight times.  No one has more than his 14 World Series stolen bases.  No one has more stolen bases than Lou.  And no one ever did what this guy did.  He was the fir st, the man to win a World Series championship in the National League with Cincinnati.  In the American League with Detroit.  His name says it He had 2 , 194 wins, number three all time .  Twenty - six years wi th Cincinnati and Detroit.  Sparky Anderson.  of the greatest games that anyone who was there would ever see.  A 1 - 0 , 16 - inning ballgame.  Warren Spahn, Juan Marichal, 0 - 0 into the 16 th before that guy hi ts a home run off Spahnie, and he got a win for our next Hall of Famer, number 27, Juan Marichal.  Two hundred forty - three wins, six times 20 victories, 40 years ago pitched a no - hitter against Houston and a ten - time All - Star .  The Dominican Dandy, Juan Ma richal.  All our next Hall of Famer wanted to do was play second base for the St. Louis Cardinals, his hometown team.  He never got there, but boy didhe provide a lot of joy for all of us because he was one of the greatest managers of all time.  He manag ed those Oriole teams of Eddie Murray .  over 1400 games.  Six A.L. East titles, four pennants, and a 1970 World Series championship.  The Earl of Baltimore, Earl Weaver.  an, but our next Hall of Famer sure did.  Dazzling Maz, Bill Mazeroski of the Pittsburg Pirates.  Came up at the age of 19, won a Gold Glove two years later.  An eight - time Gold Glove winner.  Led the National League in assists nine times, no one ever turn ed a double play faster than Maz.  Bill Mazeroski.  From one great second baseman to another.  uniform, 59 years after he put one on.  One of the greatest St. Louis Cardinals, one of the greatest nor in baseball.  The red - head, Red Schoendienst.  Six times led the National League second basemen in fielding percentage.  A great manager and a great coach too.  Red Schoendienst.  Our next Hall of Famer, what a swing.  The sweet swing.  The sweet swi nger from Whistler, Alabama.  Billy Williams.  Number 26 was the 1961 Rookie of the Year.  1972, he won the batting title, s ix - time All - Star and over 400 home runs.  Billy Williams from Mobile.  Billy was a six time All - Star .  Our next Hall of Famer was a 12 time All - Star .  No one ever combined offense and defense in a more perfect way at third base.  You talk about baseball, you talk about the great, you talk about this man.  Phillies, Mike Schmidt.  The Sporting N ews Three time MVP, ten Gold Glove s, and over 500 home runs.  Mike Schmidt, Schmitty.  Schmitty was a big home run hitter, this guy every other way you coul d imagine.  One of the greatest pure hitters of all time.  Rodney Carew.  Number 29 won seven batting titles, hit over .300 15 times, was the Rookie of the Year Our next Hall of Famer could beat you with his bat, too.  But usuall y it was his right arm that beat you because that right arm was terrific.  In fact, we just called him Tom Terrific.  Number 41 from the Mets, number 41 from the Reds, number 41 for all of us.  Three Cy Young awards, including one 30 years ago.  Ten straig ht years of 200 strikeouts.  Tom Seaver.  Tom had nine straight years of 200 - plus strikeouts.  Our next Hall of Famer had a streak, too.  All I have to do is say 16 in a row.  Lee May said it during the World Series in 1970, this r, like a Hoover.  Brooksie, Brooks Robinson, 16 straight Gold Glove 15 straight All - Star appearances , too.  Brooks Robinson.  You deserve it, Brooksie.  Sixty years ago the Detroit Free Press named our next Hall of Famer the best basketball player in the state of Michigan.  Fortunately for all of us, not only did he play basketball at Michigan, but he wound up playing baseball, too.  And he wound up with the Philadelphia Phils Whiz Kids , , Robin Roberts.  Two hund red eighty - six wins, six straight 20 - win seasons, Robin Roberts.  Robin Roberts and Richie Ashburn were the heart and the soul of that Whiz K ids group of inspiration, the man that kept the Big Red Machine tog ether in Cincinnati for the Reds.  One of the greatest competitors, one of the greatest teammates that anyone would ever have, a seven - time All - Star record for r uns batted in by a Latin pl ayer.  Tony Perez.  Our next Hall of Famer was a leader, too.  And you know Bob Uecker called a couple of big hits Two - time 19, a special player.  Back again, welcome back, Robin.  Robin won two MVPs.  O ur next Hall of Famer won three of them.  Another guy who at one - time held the record for home runs by a catcher, another man who still is beloved throughout the game of basebal Yogi.  Yogi Berra.  Number eight won an MVP All - Star appearances , too.Our next Hall of Famer was an All - Star as well.  welcome back the Wiza rd, Ozzie Smith.  Osborne Earl.  Thirteen Gold Glove s , o ver 24 hits, 580 stolen bases.  Ozzie held six major fielding titles when he eventually packed it in.  Our next Hall of Famer, whether he wore 27 with the Red Sox or 72 for the White Sox, when he re tired he was number one on the list of games caught by a catcher L 11 - time All - Star , 24 years a major leaguer.  Forty years ago our next Hall of Famer tied for the league lead in home runs with the Hammer, Henry Aaron.  They both wound up with 44.  It so happens to be that number 44 was the number he wore on his back, too.  Boy , was he menacing great to have him back, Rookie of the Year 18 grand slams to his career.  It is good to have Stretch back.  Our next Hall of Famer could hit, too.  It was 41 years ago this month that he hit his 31 st h ome run as a pitcher.  You know him more for his est left - hander of all time.  He goes back to Bob Warren Spahn, Spahnie.  Three hundred sixty - three wins, 13 times 20 vi ctories, and the most l controls the game, the record for most innings pitched in the National League, Warren Spahn.  As a lefty nobody was better.  Spahnie was dur able and still holds that record for innings pitched.  Our next Hall of Famer was durable, too.  He never missed a start in 24 years 300 game winner.  Number 21, 324, over 3 , 500 strikeouts.  Four times an All - Star .  On this day we honor so ma ny memories, so many people, s o many moments.  We cherish the people who were so much a part of our game.  We were robbed, not able to see so many black ballplayers who played in the Negro leagues .  We were fortunate enou gh to see this man for a brief period of time. We saw him on the field and he was a leader.  And even after he retired, he Newark baseball tradition, Monte Irvin.  H e played with the Newark Eagles for ten years, made it to the majors and helped the Giants to the World Series.  Monte Irvin.  Branch Rickey knew that Monte had something special .  In fact at one time his design was to have Monte be the first to break the color barrier because he had that leadership quality.  This man had something special, too.  As a leader with the Big Red Machine, he was an MVP winner.  As a directors at the Hall of Fame.  One of the greatest bas eball players ever to play, but a great man as Morgan.  Number eight, two - time MVP winner our returning Hall of Famers for 2003.  You baseball fan.  An d we are pleasured today to welcome Rabbi Mark Miller from Newport Beach, California , big - him with us.  For our invocation today, h Rabbi Mark Miller.

RABBI MARK MILLER: Among the most immortal words ever spoken center.  Back goes Gionfriddo, b ack, back, back, he makes a one - handed catch in front of the r called that most dramatic play in Game Six of the 1947 World Series.  I was born on that day and as a child I learned of that connection, and I have loved baseball ever since.  We are all here today because of the mystic cords that bind us to baseball.  In a world of fear and trembling we hold fast to what is constant.  The perfect measurement of 90 feet.  The eternal confrontation between pitcher and hitter.  The what is fair from what is foul.  The stars and stripes snapping in the summer breeze.  And the dreams that still seem possible, including that this is the year for my Cubbies.  We are grateful for a pastime worthy of our lifelong connection.   Players may be out at first, but in the sanctuaryof the ballpark we are always safe at home.  Instant replay yields to constant replay, and in cap, turning, leaping, and sticking out his glove.  May God bless the genera tions that preserved and strengthened the grand old game.  May God bless the ties that secure us to memory.  And United States of America, Amen.

GEORGE GRANDE: Many of you are well aware that this is such a special weekend, we usually try to salt and pepper some special people in.  And we were so hopeful of having Daniel Rodriguez, T enor , come and sing our National Anthem and the Canadian National Anthem today.  But what you see above us, the weat her has prevented him from getting into town.  So, we ask your help as again today.  From the staff of the Baseball Hall of Fame, we bring Scot Mondore to th e microphone.  Please join with us, and join with Scot to honor America with our National Anthem.

SCOT MONDORE: [sings National Anthem]

GEORGE GRANDE: And please stay standing because, you know, whenever you needed him he was there on the ball field , and again fo r us today.  J.B., Johnny Bench , is gonna be joined by a couple of his friends.  And please join with us as we honor our neighbors to the north with O Canada.

JOHNNY BENCH: Its not funny, OK.  Uecker’s not up here yet.  This is like catching without a cup, folks, so I need your help.  I passed the words out, boys, join me.  [sings O Canada]

GEORGE GRANDE: You knew J.B.  Let us pause for a moment to pay tribute to those uniformed personne l who are so much a part of our game, but in the last 12 months, since we last gathered here in Cooperstown, have left us.  A moment for their memory.

JANE FORBES CLARK: The first of our four presentations this afternoon is the J.G. Taylo r Spink Award.  It is presented annually for contributions to baseball print like introduce Paul Hagen , national baseball correspondent with the Philadelphia Daily News A ssociation of America.

PAUL HAGEN: Thank you.  A good baseball beat writer should have a strong work ethic, should be a good writer, should be a good reporter, should possess common sense, earn the respect of his peers and the people he covers, and have a n innate sense of get two out of three of those, but in Hal McCoy we have somebody who hits all the b ases.   And - honoree this year for us.  For 33 years Hal McCoy has covered baseball in Cincinnati, reporting at the forefront of breaking stories in baseball events, both on and off the field.  Since 1973, he has covered the Cincinnati Reds for the Dayton Daily News , the longest tenure of any current beat wr iter for one newspaper.  Known for his candor, integrity, authority, and durability, McCoy has covered over 6,000 games and written more than 25,000 baseball related stories.  His annual duties include writing about 155 regular season game stories, a daily notebook, a Sunday notebook, and a weekly questions, a column three times a week, six weeks worth of spring training stories, and finally, postseason coverage, regardless of whether the Reds are involved or not.  He began his journalism career in 1962 writing for the Dayton Journal Herald .  In 1967 he spent a year covering baseball for the Detroit Free Press .  After returning to Dayton to work for the Daily News , he was offered the Reds beat in 1973.  An honors gradua te of Kent State University [School] of J ournalism, he has won 43 Ohio and national writing awards and was the first non -Cincinnati newsperson elected to the Cincinnati Society of Professional Journalists Hall of Fame in 2001.  ncinnati chapter of times and the BBWAA National President in 1997.  distinct pleasure to introduce Hal McCoy.

HAL MCCOY: Thank you, Paul.  J.B.  , Uecker, was awesome.  First of all, I want to thank the Hall of Fame people, and especially Jane Clark, Dale Petroskey, Jeff Idelson, Darci Harrington, for making this the most memorable weekend of my entire life.  Thank you .  And I want to congratulate Bob Uecker, Eddie Murray, and Gary Carter.  It is a distinct honor to be on this stage with you distinct gentlemen.  Thank you.  Nobody could be more humble d or appreciative than I am today.  But this is not about me.  It was never about me.  But it took a setback for it to really hit home.  In January, a month after my peer s voted me the Spink Award, I suffered an optic stroke that took away 50 percent of my vision, left my world dark and fuzzy.  My initial response was to qui t, to retire, to give up this job is not about me, and it never was.  This is about all the people who put me here today.  All the great people in this world who encouraged me to continue.  All the same pe ople who were so supportive of me throughout my until now.  This is about a group of hard working and dedicated guys who love their jobs as much as I do, the baseball writers , who do what they do because the y love it, a nd as I discovered, guys who love each other .  Guys who gave me the support I need ed to continue.  The guys who put me here today, when they all should be here.  Guys like Joe Henderson, Bill Madden, Bob Nightengale, Tracy Ringolsby, Tony Jacks on, Richard Justice, Bob Elliott, Ken Daley, John Lowe, Terry Pluto,  Kevin Kernan , Jeff Horrigan, Rob Parker, Paul Hagen , Rick Hummel , Ross N ewhan, Drew Olson , Jack , Joe Goddard, Serge Toucette , Peter Schmuck, Joe Christensen , Jerry Crasnick , Ba Haudricourt , I love all of you guys.  This is about my father, Harold, who is 85 years old and here today.  And my mother Hazel, who unfortunately is not.  This is about my father instilling in me the love and passion for baseball , s tarting with t hose catches in the back yard where I destroyed an outhouse with errant pitches.  It is about him taking me to see Ted Williams, Larry Doby, Bob Feller, Bob Lemon, Early Wynn, and my first love, the Cleveland Indians.  This is about my sisters, Beverly and Vick i , and my brother , Bob, who took care of my parents while I was winging away around the country chasing my baseball dream.  This is about a man named George Hansel, who gave me a job at the Barberton Herald when I was still at Kent State University, giving me a job and paying me when the paper couldn't afford to pay a neophyte columnist playing a big - time newspaperman.  This is about all the great people at the Dayton Daily News , the people who permitted me to do this job the way I wanted to do it for 31 years people like Jay Smith, Brad Tillson, Jeff Bruce, Steve Sidlo, Max Jennings, Ralph Morrow , and a special, special guy named Frank Corsoe, my current sports editor who refused to let me walk away defeated because I had a little problem. He knew b etter than I that adjustments could be made and frustrations overcome.  This is about three dedicated people who gave up their own time to drive me from my house to the ballpark and back for every home game, two and a half hours out of their day. But Eliza beth Rossi, Gary Weaver and Kyle Nagel do it without complaint.  This is about Reds third baseman Aaron Boone, who took me aside the first day of spring hat my problem was n ot good enough, n ot a good enough reason to toss it all away.  This is about a baseball player who cared about a baseball writer.  This is about a group of Hall of Famers seated on this stage who worked with a young writer in the1970s to make certain he had s omething good to write about.  This is about Tony Perez, and this is about Sparky Anderson, and Johnny Bench, and Joe Morgan, and Tom Seaver.  Guys who always treated me with the respect I sometimes And this is about Lou Pin i e lla and Jack McKeon, who taught me more baseball in one day than I learned in a lifetime.  - time lifetime friend who loves the game as much as I do, and fortunately could play it a lot better than I could.  This is about my men tors who are already enshrined here at the Hall of Fame.  Guys who took the time to patiently teach me all they knew and introduced me to baseball people.  This is about Si Burick, Ritter Collett, and Earl Lawson, my constant companion on the road, my ment or, my teacher, and most of all, my friend.  Rest in peace , dear friends.  This is about another unsung group who works as hard as baseball writers.  Who, without the bylines and the daily recognition.  This is about the guys who are the backbone of this gr eat game and some of my best friends.  This is about the scouts who should have their own wing in Cooperstown.  Guys like Gary Hughes, Wayne Krivsky, Chris Lane, Scott Nethery, Carl Lowenstein, and so many, many more.  This is about the great people with wh om I was fortunate to meet when they wo rked for the Cincinnati Reds, t housands of them , who treated me so well.  This is about the class act that is John Allen ; and Rob Butcher, Major League this i s about all the media relations directors throughout baseball who put up with my constant requests, including guys like Jon Greenberg , who is here today with Mr. Uecker.  This is about a radio broadcaster named Andy Furman, who was calling me a Hall of Famer on the rad io years before I ever thought anything like this could possibly happen.  And this is about dear friend George Grande, the nicest person on the face of this planet.  This is about my dear friends who seldom see me in the summer, but gave up their precious t ime and resources to be here today to share this moment with me.  I thank you very much.  This is about my fantastic mo ther - in - law, Lucille Tomczak, a nd Lou, I wish you were here today.  This is about Rod, Gretchen, Megan, and Lauren Tomczak, people I love m not there, b ut they are always there for me.  This is about my wonderful family, my sons Brian, Brent, and Chad.  And my grandkids, granddad much, because he was pursuing his passion and hi s love, perhaps selfishly.  Just know I love you all so very much, and I apologize for my absences and all the events in your lives that I missed.  But rest assured, I love you all very much.  And especially this is about the most important person in my lif like me to say this, but she is my solid rock.  My 9 - 1 - 1.  She has become my guardian angel.  She pushed me hard when I wanted to quit , and she listened to my sobs and frustrations when things ask for a better friend, a better companion, and a better wife, but love you much, baby.  And most of all, this is about all the fans and all the readers who have been my inspirations for 31 years, the peopl e for whom I do this with a passionate love.  If I could, I would get plaques for each and every one of you as large as I could find, because you all deserve them.  You are the real people who support this great game and you all deserve it very much.  Than k you very much from the bottom of my heart.

JANE FORBES CLARK: Our next presentation is the Ford C. Frick Award, presented annually for excellence in legendary voice of the Milwaukee Brewers.  And it is my plea sure to ask the vice chairman of the lead analyst, Joe Morgan, to present the award to Bob Uecker.

JOE MORGAN: It is indeed an honor for me, personally, to present to my friend, Bob Uecker, the Ford C.  Frick Awar d.  I think I speak for all of you fans here today, and fans all around the country, he is truly Mr. Baseball.  Bob Uecker has called games for his hometown Milwaukee Brewers forthe last 33 years, i ncluding 24 as the lead announcer.  With his natural good humor, self - deprecating wit, Uecker is adored nationally, recognized five times as the Wisconsin Sportscaster of the Year.  Mr. Baseball joined the and Tom Coll ins in 1971.  The oice of the Brewers has broadcast the World Series, the League Championship Series, and All - Star games, as well as Monday Night Baseball the 1970s and 1980s.  He was inducted into the R adio Hall of Fame in 2001.  I give you Mr.  Baseball, Bob Uecker.

BOB UECKER: Thank you, Joe, thank you very much.  A nd t hank you ladies and gentlemen.  A nd my congratulations to Hal, Gary Carter, Eddie Murray, and to all of the members of the staff of the Hall of Fame, thank you very much.  This has been a wonderful, wonderful time.  I, in deference to Hal McCoy, was asked to quit many times.  I was born and raised in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.  Actually, I was born in Illinois.  My mother and father were on an oleo margarine run to Chicago back in 1934, because On the way home, my mother was with child .  M e.  And the pains started, and my dad pulled took place.  I remember it was a nativity type setting.  An exit light shining down.  There were three truck drivers there.  One guy was carrying butter, one guy had frankfurters, and the other guy was a retired baseball scout who told my folks that I probably had a chance to play somewhere down the line.  I remem ber it being very cold. It was January.  I very much.  I think the birth certificate said something like ten ounces.  I was very small.  And I remember the coldness on my back from the asphalt.  And I was immediately wrapped in swaddling cloth es and put in the back the start of this Cinderella story that you are hearing today.  I did not have a lot of ability as a kid, and my dad wanted me to have everything that everybody else had.  I think the fi rst thing that he ever bought me was a football.  And I was very from the old country.  I mean, we tried to pass it And it was very discouraging for him and fo r me.  Almost, we almost quit.   And finally we had a nice enough neighbor, came over and put some air in it, and what a difference.  I got a lot of my ability from my father.  As a lot of these other guys did.  My father actually came to this country as a play, be blew up the balls is what he did.  And see a man put that valve in his mouth and insert it into a soccer ball, and blow thirty pounds of air.  And then have the ability to pu ll that thing out without it fracturing the back of his mouth was unbelievable.  You had to see his neck and his veins popping.  It was unbelievable.  How proud I was as I watched him do it time after time.  My first sport was eighth grade basketball.  A nd johnny , you know, to do the jo b.  So my mother made me one o ut of a flour sack.  And the tough thing about that is, you put that thing on, you whip it out of your bag in the gym.  You know all the guys are look ing at it.  And you start the game.  The guy guarding you knows exactly keep dropping out.  And then right down the front it says B est.  I signed a very modest $3 , 000 bonus with the Braves in M kind of money to put out.  But the Braves took it.  I remember sitting around our kitchen table counting all this money, coins out of jars, and orget this, I play.  o , y ou are going to play baseball.  W e are going to have you make some dad had an accent, I want to be real authentic oing this thing.  So I signed.  T he signing too k place at a very popular restaurant in Milwaukee.  And I remember driving, and my ook, it will b e over in a couple of minutes. D uptight.  We pull in the parking lot, pull next to the Braves automobile , and my dad screwed up the window rolled up far enough and our tray falls off and all the food is on the floor.  And from there on it was baseball.Starting with the Braves in Milwaukee, St.  Louis , mpionship for the m in 1964, t o the Philadelphia Phillies and back to the Braves in Atlanta where I became Phil career there comes a time when you know that your services are no longer required, that you might be moving on.  Traded, sold, released ,whatever it may be.  And having been with four clubs, I picked up a few of these tips.  I remember Gene Mauch doing things to me at , G rab a bat and stop this ral there without a bat and tell my to try for a walk.  Look down at the first base coach for a sign and have him turn his back on you.  But you know what ?  T hings like that never ords that will never be equaled, 90 percent I hope are neve r printed: .200 lifetime batting average in the major leagues which tied me with another sports great av eraging 200 or better for a ten - year period, Don Carter, one of our top bowlers.  In 1967 I set a major league record for passed balls, and I did that without playing every game.  There was a game, as a matter of fact, during that pitching against each other in Atlanta.  Their parents were sitting right behind home plate.  I saw their fol ks that day more than they did the whole weekend.  But with people like Niekro, and this was another thing, I found the easy way out to catch a knuckle ball.  It was to wait until it stopped rolling and then pick it up.  There were a lot of things that aggr avated me, too.  My family is here today.  My boys, my girls.  My kids used to do things that aggravate me , a different player.  I remember one of my friends came to Atlanta to see me once.  He came to the v are just like me.  In their championship l ittle league game , one of them struck out three times and the other one had an error allowed the winning run to score.  They lost the proud.  I remember the people as we walked through the parking lot throwing eggs and rotten stuff at our car.  What a beautiful day.  You know, everybody remembers their first game i n the major leagues.  For me it was in Milwaukee.  My hometown, born and raised there, and I can remember walking out on the field and Birdie Tebbetts was our manager at that time.  And my family was there:  my mother and dad, and all my relatives.  And as t me and waving and laughing, a .  A nd Birdie Tebbetts came up and asked me if I was nervous or uptight about t he game.  And I waiting five years to get here.  el I d W by the by, the rest of us up h ere wear that my folks walked out on, too.  But you know , this has always been number one, baseball.  The commercials, the films, the television series, I could never w ait for everything to get over to get back to baseball.  I still, and this is not sour grapes by any means, still think I should have gone in as a player.  Thank you very much.  The proof is in the pudding.  No, this conglomeration of greats that are here today, a admit it.  But they were.  And a lot of them were players that worked in games that I called.  They are wonderful friends, and always will be.  And great Lou Brock .  And I remember as we got down near World Series time, Bing Devine, who asked me if I would do him and the Cardinals, in general, a favor.  And I said I would.  And he said epatitis.  We need to bring an infielder up.  I said, ould I able to sit on the bench.  build a plastic cubicle for you because it is an .  I have a photo at home, I turned a beaut iful color yellow and with that Cardinal white uniform .  I Lou?  It was great.Of course, any championship involves a World Series [ring] .  The ring, the ceremony, the following season in St. Louis at old Bus ch Stadium.  We were standing along the sideline.  I was in the bullpen warming up the pitcher.  And something that you never ever forget.  And when they threw it out into left field.  I found it in the fifth inn once I spotted it in the grass man, I was on it.  It was unbelievable.  great shoe contract and glove contract with a company who paid me a lot of money never to be come back with handles at each end.  You know, people have asked me a lot of times, because I dozen bats would last me ?  Depending on the weight and the model that I was using at that particular time I would say eight to ten cookouts.  I once ordered a dozen flame - treated bats, a nd they sent me a box of ashes, so I knew at that time things were moving on.  But there are t ips that you pick up w hen the Braves were going to release me.  It is a tough time for a manager, for never going to play the game again.  And I can remember walking in the clubhouse that day, and Luman Ha rris , came up to me and said there were no visitors allowed.  So again, I knew I might be moving on.  Paul Richards was the general manager and told me the Braves wanted to make me a coach for the following season.  And that I would be coaching second base.  So again, gone.  broadcaster.  I remember working first with Milo Hamilton and Ernie Johnson.  And I was all fired up about that, too, u ntil I found out that my portion of the broadcast was being used to jam Radio Free Europe .  A nd I picked up a microphone one d ay and my mic had no cord on it, s wonderful, wonderful thing today to be here.  And one of my first partners was mentioned ea rlier, Merle Harmon , here today.  All of those who I have worked with from Merle to Lorn Brown to Dwayne Mosley, Pat Hughes , who now works for the Chicago Cubs , and my current partner today, Jim Powell and Kent Summerfeld.  My thanks to all of you.  To my good pal Bob Costas out there.  Thank you, Bobby.  All of the network people, that has been as much a part of broadcasting for me as anything.  The days with ABC and Monday Night Baseball with the late Bob Prince and Keith Jackson and Al Michaels and my great pal, Don Drysdale.  All of those people have played such a big part in me being here today.  Dick Ebersol, the head of NBC S ports.  All of them are a big part of what I am.  My family is seated over here.  I love them very muc h.  Ulice Payne is here, the president of the Brewers.  The commissioner of baseball is a guy that gave me my start.  He said , I want to bring you back to Milwaukee.  And I said , A nd here I am, 33 years later.  Thank you, Al.  I call him Al, Bud Selig.  Wife Sue is here.  To all of my Brewer family, W Wendy Selig - Prieb, Laurel Prieb.  Tony Migliaccio , one of my great friends.  Mike LaBoe, all my people.  Jon even know you were here.  You took care of Hal these people play such a big part in all of our lives.  And to all of you baseball fans around America and any place else, f or your letter s , your thoughts, your kindness for all of these years , i a great run, but number one has always been baseball for me.  No matter what else I ever did, baseball was the only way I wanted to go.  I thank you very much for your attention today, thank you for having me, and congratulations to everybody here.  Thank you very much everybody, thank you.

GEORGE GRANDE: career, n Stan come back and join us with our own version of th e seventh inning stretch.  A nd once again get a chance to get up and join with us as we honor America and honor baseball with our own seventh inning stretch in Cooperstown.

JOHNNY BENCH: I need help, yes.  Ueck, awesome.  Hal, c ongratulations.  To some of the greatest guys who every played the game, to Gary and Eddie.  One of the great announcers, a Hall of Famer, was always the one person that we all knew that stood up in the seventh inning in Wrigley Field, and you know he woul d get those: Hello, how are you?  You know the thing that really gets me is that Bob Uecker, I mean never introduced anybody here who was related outside his couple of friends in the office, you know.  I never seen anything like it.  Al Selig, you know, t into this part of it though.  You know the thing that made me famous was that seventh inning stretch, so everybody, a one, a two, [sings Take me out to the Ball Game] et a win and a shorter speech.  Go for it Gary.

JANE FORBES CLARK: Thank you, Johnny.  I would now like to invite commissioner Bud Selig to join me for the next presentation.  I would like to call your attention to the video monitor for a short presentation about our 2003 inductee, Gary Car ter.  [Gary Carter Induction video] As chairman of the National Baseball Hall of into the Baseball Hall of Fame family.  And commissioner, if I could ask you to read the

BUD SELIG: Gary Edmund Carter.  MONTREAL, N.L., 1974 - 1984, 1992 NEW YORK, N.L., 1985 - 1989 SAN FRANCISCO, N.L., 1990 LOS ANGELES, N.L., 1991 An exuberant on - field general with a signature smile who was known for clutch hitting and rock solid defense over 19 years .  His tireless work ethic and durability led to the all time record for total chances by a catcher, and National League record for games caught, putouts, and years leading the league in putouts.  An 11 - time All - Star , twice the game MVP.  Earned t hree Gold Glove awards and hit 324 home runs.  A ca talyst for the Expos first post season berth in 1981 and a key to the Mets 1986 world championship.  Welcome to Cooperstown.

GARY CARTER: Wow.  Are you having fun?  Thank you , Jane , and thank you , Bud.  You know that feeling as a kid, when you go into a candy store for the first time ?  All you can do is smile and just stand in awe.  Well, this kid is in the candy store today.  Cooperstown, where all dreams come true.  Can you feel it ?  It is so sweet.  There are so many people to thank today that have influence d been told by the other Hall of Famers that I have a time limit.  20 minutes.  Those of you that know me, this is gonna be difficult.  Alright.  I have a tendency to e laborate at times, so I am gonna try to do my best.  Just bear with me.  I would be remiss if I did not say a few words in French.  So here it goes.  et les invit és distingués .  C'est avec grand plaisir et grand honneur d' ê tre ici aujourd'hui.  J'aimerais remercier tous les participants, les Expos, Mets, Giants et Dodgers.  Mes amis, merci beaucoup." I would like to thank all the sports writers, obviously, for this tremendous honor.  I would also like to congra tulate Hal McCoy for his great journalism through the years.  All the pleasant times coming into the clubhouse.  And to Bob Uecker, for all the fantastic years of n the cheap seats again, pal, b be in the front row.  I am so humbled to stand before you all and be in the presence of all these great Hall of Famers.  This has been a t errific weekend and I would like to thank all the people involved with the Hall of Fame.  From Dale Petroskey to Jane Clark to Jeff Idelson to Kim Bennett, a nd, of course, all of the other staff members.  I had a dream as a young boy like all of these Hall of Famers up here, to be a professional athlete.  I was blessed with a gift and I thank the Lord above for the wonder ful, wonderful opportunity to have played this great game of baseball.I played all the sports as a young boy, but it was always baseball that I loved the most.  I collected baseball cards as a hobby, and one day dreamed of what it would be like to have m y picture on one of those cards.  I grew up in southern California, a Dodgers fan, and my idol was the Mick, us today, Mick, so thank you for instilling in me the love of the game.  You see, I always have been a fan of the game first and a ballplayer passion for this great game so much.  My dream became a reality in 1972 when the Montreal Expos drafted me in the third round.  In high school my main sport was football as an A ll - American quarterback.  Most of my scholarship offers from colleges were for football, not for baseball.  So I had to think and pray hard and long to help make my decision.  My decision was altered after a serious knee injury which resulted in sitting o ut my entire senior football season.  After surgery and rehab I played the basketball season, but I was looking so forward to playing my passion, baseball.  It is funny because my primary positions in high school were as a pitcher and an infielder.  During senior year of high school.  But during those five or six games a scout by the name of Bob Zuk , who is here with us today, believed I could become a big league catcher some day.  He held true to his word , and on the night of the draft, at 18 years of age, I signed a contract with the Expos and started making plans to head off to Jamestown, New York.  Bob, thanks for believing in me.  So off I went to New York for a two - week tryout camp to determine where I was going to p lay that year.   And it wa s there that Bill M cK enzie, my first catching coach, who taught me all the fundamentals and techniques about catching.  He was the one who taught me how to catch.  Thanks, Bill, for your motivation and discipline.  to thank you for everything that you did for me.  And it was there in Jamestown, New York , where the journey began.  I would like to thank all the co aches and managers I played for.  For my very first manager, Pat Daughe rty , to my very last manager, Felipe Alou, in Montreal.  However, there is one manager who has left such an impact on my life and in my career and that was Karl Kuehl , who is with us today.  He managed me when I was in the I nstructional L eague, AA, and AAA , and I know he believed in me more than anyone else.  I remember he would throw tennis balls to me, worked on my hitting, and to get out of the way of pitches.  And he would even charge me 25 cents for every ball that I would drop when I was catching in a game.  This, of course, helped me to concentrate better and helped me focus.  And truly, I dropped a lot of ball s when I was playing in the minor leagues, so this really did help.  Although, at the end of the year anythin me and for helping me to be a better ballplayer.  I would also like to thank all of my teammates , s ome of them that are in the audience today.  Thank you for inspiring me, making the game more fun and enjoyable.  A lot of great memories that I will never forget.  After two - and - a - half years in the minor leagues being groomed as a catcher, I began my rookie season in the major leagues in 1975.  The Expos started m e in the outfield.  Well, that was when I could run p retty good and had some pretty decent knees.  B ut after having a pretty good first half , I was invited to the All - Star Game in Milwaukee.  Well, there it was Johnny Bench who befriended me and kind of took me under his wing.  By then Johnny had established himself as one of, if not, the greatest of all time.  He had already won two MVP awards and had developed the one - handed style of catching.  And also as one of the best defensive catchers there ever was.  Maybe, just maybe, he saw a little of him in me.  We had a picture taken together and later I asked him if he would sign it for me.  And he wr ote on it, he said , Well, that inspired me to carry the torch for catchers, because it made me want to work hard as possible and to try to make every All - Star Game , and be the best at my position.  Thanks, J.B., I appreciate it very much.  I was sitting there talking to Eddie, and he says, ignorance, but really, I always considered them being the tools of excellence.  And there is something special, I truly feel, about being a catcher, that only another catcher can understand.  So, Yogi, Pudge, J.B., you know being a part of this great frat ernity.Well, after two and a half years playing mostly in the outfield, I finally got a chance to play every day behind the plate in 1977.  Dick Williams was instrumental in making that happen.  From that point on, the rest was history.  You see, going t o a baseball game, just like you guys are here today, and sitting in the stands is like going to that happy place where you can leave your worries behind.  One of my favorite lines comes from a movie, Field of Dreams , and it goes something like this: T his game, this great game, is as innocent as children longing for the past.  The feeling you get when you go to a ball game, walking through the aisles to your seats, sitting in your shirt sleeves, on a perfect afternoon.  You find your reserve seat somewhere along the baselines, and if though, you were dipped yourself in magical waters that the memories will be so thick you have to brush them away from your faces.  Yes, the one constant through all the years has been baseball.  America has rolled by like an army of steamrollers.  It has been erased like a blackboard, built and erased again, but Baseball Baseball has allowed me to meet so many special people along the way.  One here today that I am so honored to have in our presence is former President George Bush, Sr.  He has been such a great friend through the years and I appreciate ceremony with your grandson, Robert, a nd I just want to thank you from the bottom of my heart, Mr. President.  God bless you.  A few more people who kept me on track, especially on the business side of baseball , were Dick Moss and Matt Merola .  here today, but thank you guys, for helping me with all the contracts and endorsements through the years.  ie , who not only was instrumental and was such a great guy and became such a good friend in Montre al, but he also was my agent.  He represented me in all aspects as an agent and I appreciated the guidance and direction that he gave me.  He encouraged me to be accommodating to the press, the fans, and made sure I always looked my best.  Pete thanks for everything.  I also want to extend a very special thank you to my good friend, Mead Ch asky.  I have known this man for a long time, when he was a huge fan and would hang around the team bus and would get autographs from all the players.  I tell you wha best man for this job to handle so many things , thank you enough.  What a godsend you have been.  The greatest thrill of my career certainly was that s.  Nothing will ever top that and the memories will last forever.  All of you that were there, everybody, will remember the dramatic Game Six and certainly the way we came back in that series.  So all you I will be forever grateful to the Expos for beginning my career and winding up my career in 1992.  The Lord gave me a storybook ending of my career in front of over 40,000 f ans.  My last at - bat was a game - winning double, and after hobbling to second base I left the game to a standing ovation.  There is nothing like the roar of the crowd.  honor it is to share this date with you, Eddie.  Even though we only shared one year together with the Dodgers, I always respected your desir e know Eddie Murray the way I do, and it was in spring training in 1991, after one of the games, Eddie headed back to the clubhouse with a bat that he had broken in the game.  In the midst of a large crowd, Eddie handed that broken bat to a smiling little boy.  That boy happened to be my son, D.J.  He was only six years old at the time and he ran into the clubhouse to show me what he had just gotten.  I was kind of shocked t of things with a lot of people, you know ?  [laughs]  But anyway, I walked over to him and asked him if he would kindly sign it, and after a brief hesitation he did, and, well, today, D.J. considers that bat one of his most prized possessions.  And that, right there, was the start of the Carter - Murray connection.  Who would have believed 2003 being induct ed with all these great players?  Okay , this is where it might get a little tough.  I want to take this time to thank the most important people in my life.  Above all, I want tothank my Lord and savior, Jesus Christ.  A great verse that spoke to me while writing my speech, and kind of e xplains what it is all about, i t comes in Psalms 18 : re my strength.  The Lord is my rock, my fortress, and my savior.  And my God is my rock in whom I find protection.  He is my shield, the strength of my salvation, and my stronghold.  I will call on the Lord who is worthy of praise.  I praise the Lord, my God, my best friend, for giving me the ability, the desire, the love and the guidance that brought me here today.  Without you, I would be I thank you Lord for giving me such wonderful person, and I kn ow that they are smiling down from heaven today, because they have the best seats in the house.  I have said to a lot of people very much.  I only had my mother u ntil I was just 12 years of age, but I always felt her presence throughout my career.  My father Jim, who inherited the responsibility of both parents, had a smile for everyone.  He was always there for me.  H e coached me in Little League, Pony League, and American L egion and also supported me in any other sport I played, constantly encouraging me.  His favorite time of year was spring training , the family and watch a few games.  He would g o early with me to the ballpark and would stay were playing cards in the clubhouse and the manger called a team meeting.  That meant everyone out of the clubhouse, ex cept the team.  D o I have to?  I , know how happy and proud you guys are today.  I am al so very blessed to have my other parents, my in - laws, mom and dad, my brother - in - law , Jim , who are with me today.  They have known me since I was 16 years old and have watched me grow up.  Thanks for all your love and support throughout the years, and alwa ys opening up your home in California for after - game celebrations.  Well, as for my big brother, Gordon, who is four years older than me, I thank you for being such an amazing role model for me growing up.  It meant so much to me that you would allow me to always play ball with you and your friends, even if I did bug you all the time.  You have been the one who has influenced me to always strive to do my best.  I always tried to be your shadow and looked up to you in so many ways.  I realize now how much yo u did for me while growing up.  I am so thankful for the relationship we have.  I love you, big brother.  Well, to my immediate family, there is so much to say and not enough time to say it.  So, the one thing I remember the most is how much the kids and S andy would be at all the game s .  You know, I never felt comfortable or relaxed until I saw their happy faces sitting in the stands behind home plate.  What a blessing I truly have had, for my wife and my kids to be right there with me through it all.  Afte r each game, I would always be the last player to leave the clubhouse.  It still amazes me to look back and think about the many hours my family waited for me without complaining.  It was funny, because if I had a good game or if the team won, the kids kne w the car ride home would be a heck of a lot more fun.  To my three precious children, I love you all very, very much, and I am so proud of each and every one of you and for all that you have done.  I am so thankful that each one of you have chosen to walk with the Lord.  Christy , you remember the most about my career, and have always prayed that I would do well in games.  You were my number one cheerleader.  What a help you were to mom and a great role model to Kimmy and D.J.  You have become a beautiful woman and an ex cellent teacher.  To my new son - in - law, Matt K earce , who I feel is like a second son already, thanks for taking care of my kiddo.  To my little catcher, Kimmy , who would sometimes only last a couple of innings before she would head off to up her own games.  She played softball with the same kind of passion and desire that I did.  I got the chance to coach her, and I was amazed to see how much she reminded me of myself on the to slide into her either, because , I tell you, she could some kind of block the plate.  And she also left her mark at Florida State University.  She enjoys teaching kids in the classroom and on the field, and she has truly turned out to be a beautiful wom an, inside and out.To my son, D.J.  What a phenomenal man you have become.  No father could ever be more proud of his son than I am of you.  You light up on stage and you light up any room you enter.  You are the most encouraging person and positive pers on I know.  D.J., you inspire me, bud, to be a better man.  As for my wife and high school sweetheart, and now wife of over 28 years, I fell in love with you, honey, when I was 16 and my love for you has remained constant through the years.  I thank you al ways for your encouraging words and all the letters you wrote to me while in the minor leagues.  And for taking care of the family, and for always being by my side.  You have truly shown your love to me and have always been the wind beneath my wings.  For that, I will be forever grateful.  I share this day with you honey, more than anyone else here.  I love you more And in closing, I have mentioned and for so many that I have not been able to mention, thank you from the bottom of my heart.  It is nice to know that even though my body feels like an old man now, I will always be a kid at heart.  I love Cooperstown as a Hall of Famer.  I love you all, God bless you, thank you very much.

JANE FORBES CLARK: I would again like to invite Commissioner Selig to join me.  A nd if you would turn your attention to the video monitor for a presentation about our 2003 inductee, Eddie Murray.  [Eddie Murray Highlight Video] Eddie, as Chairman of the National B aseball Hall Hall of Fame family.

BUD SELIG: Eddie Clarence Murray.  BALTIMORE, A.L., 1977 - 1988, 1996 LOS ANGELES, N.L., 1 989 - 1991, 1997 NEW YORK, N.L., 1992 - 1993 CLEVELAND, A.L., 1994 - 1996 ANAHEIM, A.L., 1997 A powerful and productive switch - hitter who se consis tency over 21 seasons led to 3, 255 hits, 560 doubles, 504 home runs, 5 , 397 total bases, and 1 , 917 runs batted in .  Third player ever to connect for more than 500 home runs and 3 , 000 hits.  Played in three World Series , winning with the Orioles in 1983.  An eight - time All - Star and 1977 American League Rookie of the Y ear.  A skilled fielder, he ear ned t hree Golden G lo ve awards, setting major league records for games played and assists by the first baseman.  Welcome to Cooperstown, Eddie.


EDDIE MURRAY: Thank you.  Nice little sea of black and orange out there.  A wonderful of.  The game, I knew I was gonna do.  It is a great honor to be here today.  When Ted Williams was here, inducted into the Hall of Fame 37 yea rs ago, he said he must have earned friendship with the writers.  I guess in that way, I was never on e much on words.  For me, it focused a lot on an individual and that way I learned to play the game.  Baseball is a team game.  You win as a team, you lose as a team, you also do so many things together.  But friends hips with the media , maybe like I could have.  But I had to do what I had to do to make instructor with the Clevel and Indians.  And, you this game than just walking up to home plate, For me, baseball is about, again, the team winning.  I could have taken an 0 - fer that day, come into our locker and been able to tell that I did not get a hit, because the most important thing for me that day wwhat we attempted to do when we took the field.  think my teammates saw it more so than proud to be here as a man that has played first ba se more than anybody in the game of baseball.  It was never about taking days off for me.  It was about showing up every day.  Letting my managers know that I was here to work.  When I signed a contract, I was here to play 162 games.  One of my managers ha ppens to be behind me.  believe in it.  He wanted to win like that.  But Tommy, honestly, one day, decided finally to give me a day off.  We got in a nice little ar gument before the game.  I pointed to a day off, that that was my day off.  And it ended up with him being a manager, I had to stay off.  We were sitting there in Houston, and the game was calls me up a second time, [unintelligible].  to go, he called me back from the on - deck circle.  good, this pinch - hitting game, so.  He calls me back up again to go up for the third time.  This time I go up and somehow manage to hit the game - winning home run.  I hit a grand slam that particular at - bat.  And, boy, did he look good.  I learned the game from some good teachers.  I learned life from some good teachers.  No one was more important than my mom and dad.  I know they are watching from a place up in heaven here today to make sure all their kids are doing good.  But, especially here with me, with my sister, Tan j a, and Lucilla individually.  Louise, Venice , Richard, Helen, Leon, Leola, Viola, and Joyce.  You guys had a lot to do with me standing here .  A lot.  As you can see, it is enough of us for a baseball I tell you, the games we played, no matter what they were, they were fierce.  They were competitive.  And like I said, I appreciate my older brothers because they would not allow me to win.  They made me learn to play with them, which I think is the most important thing that I learned.  All four brothers p layed professionally.  Charlie [long pause] , time h ere.  You inspired us all, man, by signing We wanted to be like you.  Okay I got today.  Again, my five sisters are here today elievable.  , Janice , and my now, just trying to take care of those two little ones.  that helped me g et where really ever forget my Little L eague coach , Clifford Prelow.  He really really helped teach also the love of the game of baseball to me.  When I became a minor leaguer wi th the Orioles at the age of 17, I ran dad, Cal Ripken, Sr.  Jim Schaf fer, who became, that was the most important decision ever made in my career, which was to switch hit.  So Jim awful big in my life.  And Ray Miller, who also taught me how to play the game when I became an Oriole.  Some of my buddies out there:  Lee May, Al Bumbry, Elrod Hendricks.  I tell you, the clubhouse was unbelievable.  I t was a place you wanted to be.  I t was a place you learned to play this game a nd know about the Oriole way.  I Doug DeCinces and Cal Ripken, Jr.  , Mike Flanagan, Mike Boddicke r, Kenny Singleton, and Scott M cGregor.  These guys were unbelievable to me.  It was wonderful going back home to t he Dodger organization, where my dad was probably second to Tommy Lasorda as being a Dodger fan.  I tell you, it was fortunate for me to sit up there and watch my family watch me, and it was just like old times when I was a young kid.  I enjoyed playing fo r the Mets.  I hit my 400 th never forget.  I can still remember the pitch.  I still remember the guy running after it.  I tell you, it was an unbelievable memory for me.  Cleveland was a great place to play.  Not because I got my 3,000 th hit.  I t was aboutwinning.  And I tell you, we had a ball club there for a couple of years.  W e were pretty darn good.  and Lou Angelos for bringing me full circle back to Balt imore for my 500 th home run.  awesome feeling, stepping into Camden Yards and walking out there and looking into the outfield, and you see two orange seats that are an unbelievable gesture to me.  Than k you.  Cal has the other one.  Today I join the greatest players that played the game.  It is a great feeling being here.  I accepted that I am here with these guys, and I tell you, Jeff here.  Kim, here and joining my new family.  thought, it was teammates, and that is what you guys are to me.  You see some old faces that I am familiar with.  E arl, B rooks, Jim Palmer, Ozzie, Kirby, Winnie.  It makes you feel at home when you can talk to somebody and really talk about anything.  And some of us go way back .  And I just loved to be around people that I like being with.  ons to Bob Uecker, Hal McCoy, my buddy, Mr. Carter, over there, today.  Bob, thanks for making it light here.  I tell you, I think everybody will go home and talk about you forever.  I tell you, we all be nefited from our teammates, and I think these guys would back that up .  And nk first of all, again, the writers that voted for me to get me here, because I know, that was a mark they all remembered doing, and I appreciate it.  I would like to thank those that came before me , like Jackie Robinson, Larry Doby, Curt Flood, and those who taught me along the way and that always gave me the support and friendship.  Ron Shapiro made it easy for me on the field.  He took a lot of the troubles away, if there were troubles.  He helped me with decisions.  Lyn , Michael, Brian, thank you.  Dian e Hock , she put some work in for me here.  She put  a lot of work in this for me today, and really made my time here, again, easy.  And I appreciate that, Di.  Evelyn Ehlers .  People like Joel Lochs, Curt been a round a long time.  Thank you.  The Bumbry family, the Hendricks family, from the time I became an Oriole, accepted me.  Thank you.  Good people that started off as business situations, with buddies over at FILA .  Mark Westerman, Howe .  Thank you.  The G eier family, thank you.  Charles Baum , you and your group, thank you.  friends come, I tell you, from far away places would just honestly like to say, thank you for coming today.  Even my kids out there in the back.  The Northwood Baseball League couple hundred of them out there, come all the way from Baltimore, thank you.  Thank you.  There will be a little surpris e for you later on.  And, finally, I thank all of those who came here today to share in this day with me.  I really chant, it took me a while to learn and dea l with it, but I did and I love it.  And when I leave you can do it again, but no t right now.  For every kid here today, I wish you could feel what I feel today.  Because I had a dream as a kid, to actually live that dream , I feel unbelievable.  I just d efinitely have been blessed.  I loved playing baseball .  I still love the game.  chant.

JANE FORBES CLARK: Ladies and gentlemen, our 2003 inductees into the National Baseball Hall of Fame, Eddie Murray and Gary Carter.that you can mark your calendars for next year, that our 2004 Induction Ceremony will take place Sunday, July 25 th , the last weekend in July.  Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing you next year.  Travel carefully.
