MURRAY CHASS: A year ago, I watched thi s ceremony from a bed in the Ne u r ological Intensive Care Unit in New York University Medical Center.  I can tell you unequivocally , it's better to be standing here than lying there.  I have never been big on awards in the newspaper business.  I believe we prove ourselves on a daily basis, not by submitting an article or column to a group of editors who very likely never reported and wrote or did so and failed, but the Spink Award is different because it is awarded by other reporters and columnists , and I humbly thank those who made me thei r choice this year.  My mother used to tell people that I wanted to be a newspaper reporter from the time I was eight years old.  I also recall that when I was younger than eight , I wanted to be a garbage man.  I don't know why I changed my mind, but I'm g lad I did , because I have loved what I've done for the past 45 years.  In my early years at T he New York Times , I covered baseball and pro football, but there came a time when I had to choose between them.  It was an easy choice.  With games every day and news developing year round, baseball was the more legitimate and challenging beat to cover.  Unfortunately, too many baseball writers of recent vintage don't want to cover the beat.  So many of them either don't like the daily grind or don't like all of th e off - field developments that have intruded on the games on the field.  I feel I thrived on the off - field part of the game.  I thoroughly enjoyed covering non - game issues , as well as non - baseball stories t he W orld Series earthquake, for example because they challenged me as a reporter , and I thought of myself as a reporter who happened to cover baseball.  I would encourage young baseball writers to adopt that attitude.  They will be better for it.  But the first thing they have to do is cover the beat for more than the few years, if that long, that they cover these days.  In New York, for example, the turnover has been startling.  In recent years, baseball writers for the major newspapers have averaged two years or less on the beat.  In many instances b efore they've learned much, even though they think they know everything, they want to become columnists.  Then , when t hey write columns, instead of picking their spots to criticize, they often display their ignorance, and worse, show a mean - spirited attitu de toward the people they write about.  Their style shows a decided lack ofprofessionalism and that absence hurts the credibility of all of us with the people we cover.  ( Inaudible.) By not expanding beyond the horizon and by not getting to know people on other teams.  T here was the instance some years ago when the Yankees were on the road and the only veteran reporter left covering the Yankees, Moss Klein for the New ark Star - Ledger , was talking to an o f ficial of the home team before a game.  When he was fi nished, one of the other writers asked who he had been talking to.  None of them knew or even recognize d Bud Selig. I'm grateful that through all of the years I have covered baseball, my children and my wife still recognized me.  They , and more recently , m y grandchildren , have helped me do my job because they've exercised great patience and understanding while I have worked .  A nd to think I wouldn't even get them autographs, they had to get them on their own.  Before she became my wife, Ellen knew what she w as getting into.  A missed Broadway show on the New Year's Eve that the Yankees signed Catfish Hunter and a messed - up Thanksgiving dinner when the Yankees were on the verge of signing Reggie Jackson , told her all she needed to know, but she married me anyw ay , and 28 years later , she was there every day last summer to make sure that I recovered from an extended ordeal.  She would not have had it any other way and I love her for it.  I also would like to acknowledge and thank other members of my family and al so friends who are here today, some traveling great distances to be here, some very old friends, some new friends in the back.  ( Inaudible.) My father who also had little formal education was instrumental in my career because I inherited from him my desire and my ability to write.  In recognition of his contribution, I have put together stories he wrote as a young man and have published this book for our family. I am proud to unveil it here today on one of the proudest days of my life and I am pleased that you could share it with me.  Thank you.

LON SIMMONS: I'm grateful and happy and surprised to be here, but I'm no more surprised than when I walked into the hotel and saw all these fellows there and I thought I'd made a mistake.  I thought I'd missed the hotel and gone into the wax museum.  You know, Joe is quite talking about listening to me when he grows up.  Joe has d one a great deal for the community in the Bay area , and he ha s a charity golf tournament that gives a lot of money to charity.  But one thing that you don't know about Joe is he's a competitor and he wants the edge.  I will tell you just a little story.  I played golf with him and we came down to the 18th hole and w e were all even, and I hit my drive in the center of the fairway.  Joe hit his well out into the rough , and we went and looked for it.  And we looked and looked and looked and I said, "Joe, you only have five minutes."  He said, "you go ahead and hit your ball and I'll k eep looking."  I knew I had the hole in front , and as I walked to the green , I hear him yell "I found it."  I looked back, he hits it out of the rough.  It rolls back, rolls to the bunker, rolls that close to the flag.  If you're me and you' ve got his golf ball in your pocket, what do you say?  I'm happy to have Murray here today and say that I'm real proud of him and also, I took journalism in school , and I wanted to be a writer.  I couldn't spell and I couldn't think of anything to write ab out.  And, Murray, I know that I have great respect for your profession and I know that it's an honorable one and you certainly have been among the most honorable. Thank you.  The two honorees today, Paul Molitor, y ou're all too young to remember the movi e that was made years ago with Ray Miland, it was called "It Happens Every Spring" and Miland was a professor who invented a solution that you put on the baseball and it repelled wood, so he pitched -- he got on a Major League team and pitched his team to the World Series because every time he'd throw the ball, the guys would swing at it.  W ell, Paul invented another type.  His, it attracted wood, so any time the pitcher threw it, it hit wood , and it usually hit the ground before somebody could catch it.  Paul, a great career , and I'm very proud of you.  Dennis Eckersley, who gave me more heart attacks than I would like to think about, but and as I mentioned to Dennis he can stop taking the ugly pills, they are not working . H e used to come in like d'Art agnan from the bullpen , and everyone said , e are saved and they were right.  But h e had this great control and he also faced up to everything.  He's had a lot of problems to face, but he's always faced them and he's always challenged them.  But the on e thing that a lot of people don't know, they talk about his control .  T hey don't realize that in high school , he was very wild.  He threw hard, but he was wild .I r emember it was in our area , and I went out to see the game , and they didn't have lights o n the field .  I t was getting dark , and he had the bases loaded with two out s , and now the catcher came out to him and said, "Look, they can't see and if we get out of this, we are all right, it's an old trick, but I think we can get away with it." He said, "You give me the ball, I'll go back behind home plate. You pretend you throw it, I'll pop it in my mitt behind home plate, we'll strike the guy out and the game's over." Dennis said, "Okay, if you think it works."  The problem was Dennis was so wild he w alked the guy anyway.  And I've had the pleasure of announcing for most of these guys, three generations of players I've gone through, but let me talk about my Giant heroes.  Orlando Cepeda, God love him. When we flew back to San Francisco from Spring Trai ning Orlando's first year in 1958, Russ Hodges spent full - time teaching him English , and Orlando just learned it last week.  But Orlando was with the Giants, they were on the way toward winning the pennant and Don Drysdale hit Jimmy Davenport. Broke his ha nd .  S o Orlando had to come in and play third base. He says well, when Orlando played third base in Puerto Rico, all the fans behind first base wore gloves. But you talk about a guy that was a situation hitter that could use the whole field and everybody lo ved him.  And I just want to say that my daughter thinks you're cute.  Juan Marichal. Here's a guy that his first game in baseball in the m inor l eagues, he comes in to pitch from the bullpen, the bases loaded, nobody out .  Juan did not speak English very we ll, and they had a shortstop who interpreted.  Buddy Kerr was at the mound, he st arted to walk, bringing Marichal in and the shortstop said, "Manager, he wants to ask a question."  "What's the question?"  He said, "He wants to know where you want it." "Te ll him to pitch it," he said, "low and outside is pretty good."  Nine low and outsides later, he struck out the side and that was his introduction.  But the big thing is , he never had the punishment when he came to the m ajor l eagues he had in the Dominican :  The head of the Air Force had a team and Juan beat him as a 17 - year - old.  Two days later, a telegram and Juan's in the Air Force.  N ow, Juan loses a game , 1 - 0 , for the Air Force. The next day , the entire team is in prison. And that was a true story. But Juan didn't have to suffer if he lost one , and he didn't have to suffer very much even if he did , because he didn't lose very many.  Juan, it was a pleasure.  And my friend, Stretch, he came back after he'd gone away, he came back to the Giants.  In his f irst game hits a grand slam. And that's when I said welcome back, Stretch.  And Stretch hit Don Drysdale like he owned him. Drysdale later, as he was retired, was announcing for the Angels and who but Willie McCovey came to bat against Nolan Ryan in Spring Training .  H e hit a home run , and I yelled up at Drysdale : "You can't even get him out when you're announcing."  Willie McCovey.  Willie Mays.  He gave you thrills, even when he was going 0 - for - 4.  But one story that you probably don't know, and it includ es another Hall of Famer here, Billy Williams.  It turns out that Mays had bet the entire team that Ron H erbel , one of our pitchers, who wasnot a very good hitter, would get a base hit this season.  So, we are in Chicago, it's a rainy day, muddy, and Mays is sitting in the dugout, H erbel hits a line drive in the right field, it drops in front of Billy Williams.  Mays gets so excited, he jumps and the Wrigley Field dugout is very low he knocked himself out because he thought the he won the bet.  He's ly ing there and he doesn't see Billy Williams throw out Hur bel at first base.  And Gaylord Perry, 10 innings he pitched in a 23 - inning game in New York, that was the thing that started Gaylord Perry, but later on , he lost 1 - 0 , and he was very distraught.  An d I said, "Gaylord, look, you're pitching great.  You shouldn't feel too bad about one game."  He said, "I hate to lose.  I'm so mad I could spit." But anyway, these are the guys that my daughters, who are here today, Robin and Cindy, grew up with.  They are friends, they learned baseball from them , and they love it.  And they learned baseball from another friend of mine, Russ Hodges .  I couldn't have worked with a better man, thoughtful and unselfish in the booth, one of the all - time greats.  Russ always h ad a way of coming up with lines.  He said when we were in spring training, he said Mays came over, we were going to fly to Tuscon because, we hated to drive the two - lane road, "Are you going to fly to Tuscon," and Russ said yes.  So, Willie said, "How man y engines does the plane have?"  That was before jets.  And Russ said, "Two."  Willie says, "That's not enough."  So, Willie left.  And Russ said "Well, I'm glad he didn't fly with us," he said, "because if we flew and crashed , the headline would be Willi e Mays and Others Killed.  The great renditions by Fergie and Mr. Rodriguez here remind me of the anthems in Cincinnati .  Y ou have to remember what you're saying over the air, be careful what you said.  A gentleman tried to sing the national anthem and he didn't do a real great job and Russ, when he was finished, said, "You know, that national anthem has to be a wonderful tune because it's just survived another battle." Well, that was okay except the fellow who was involved in singing it was from the Ba y A rea , and he told his entire family to listen because he was going to sing the National Anthem.  So, you just have to be careful once in a while about what you say.  You know, I have a friend named Milt Gusenitch, who could have been an All - Am erican ful lback at Stanford, but he hurt his knee playing hopscotch in his senior y ear.  But Milt says, and I can't pronounce it exactly, but he says natso yarios (phonetic), he's Y ugoslavian, if I come close, is old age stinks.  And the reason old age stinks is b ecause you lose so many great friends. And the friends that I've lost in Russ and Chu b Feeney, whose wife Margaret - Ann is here today, by the way, and Charlie Fox and Bobby Bonds.  Bobby was one of my closest friends. He and Jimmy Davenport and Hank Sauer w ere inseparable playing golf , and Davenport is distraught now because he's lost both Sauer and Bobby Bonds.  But the thing about this, Davenport was from the south and Davy never got over his southern accent.  The four of us were going to play in a golf to urnament and Davy was pulled over by the highway patrol.  And the guys came up and said, "Do you have an ID?" And Jimmy says, "About what?"And Hank Sauer was my dear friend.  I loved to go out with Hank because that was t he only time I didn't have to ta ke the ugly one.  And then the other one that I certainly w ish were here today is my friend pardon me, thought I could do this Bill Thompson, 65 years, high school baseball, college baseball, we wound up in the same broadcast booth in San Francisco.  I don't think there's ever been a broadcast duo who went to high school together.  But he passed away last June and I wish he were here.  But anyway, he was one of those great ones.  And there's a great group of Athletic fans here today.  And when I was w ith the A's , one of the most remarkable men I ever met , and it was a pleasure to have him as a friend , was Walter Haas.  He was just sensational.  And his son, Wally, is here today.  And Mr. Haas was great.  And I was lucky enough when I left the A's to co me back to the Giants, Larry Baron and Peter M ag owan, and they have been sensational, they just paid me the biggest honor I could get at, well, I still call it Pac Bell Park, but they retired the microphones of Russ Hodges and me.  And that was great.  I' m not going to stay up here much longer.  I wanted to talk about these people because I love them, but I would say this, that I did not believe and I do not now consider myself , the quality of being a Hall of Fame announcer.  I do say this, that the vote t hat they had, the people in San Francisco convinced me that maybe you don't have to be a national announcer in baseball, you can make a difference if you're local announcing , and they voted for me and that helped me get where I am here today.  Now, the thi ng about baseball is it's a n ational game that's played locally.  It's the Pacific Coast League or it's Little League or it's Babe Ruth League or whatever and people get ties to that. Baseball is a game where the threads of our memory make the game.  It's woven through.  Now, what happens is one day you go to the ball park, you walk through that looking glass, you walk into the stadium into a wonderland, the colors, the grass, the teams, the crowd, the murmur of the crowd and then the roar when he winning h ome run is hit.  Now, the great thing about this is you're hooked then and then Vinnie and Russ, they come into your living room, they are your friends, and that's how you grow up and that's who you remember as your first eyes and words from the ball club.  Russ and I were laid back.  In fact, we got letters saying that, it was addressed to Rigor and Mortis.  And I got one of the great letters of all - time, my favorite, where the guy said that I was like the cotton in an aspirin bottle .  Y ou didn't know wh at it was there for, you just knew it aggravated the hell out of you.  But I will say this, that, to paraphrase the words of my high school buddy , Abe Lincoln, the people that voted for me , let me know that for once in my life , I wasn't just mediocre, that I had pleased some of the time, if not all of the time.  And I certainly thank you all.  I thank the Hall of Fame, I thank the Giants and the A's and all the writers and the b roadcasters.  Thank you.

PAUL MOLITOR: Thank you.  Thank you, very much.  Mr. Commissioner, honored guests, Hall of Famers, ladies and gentlemen and baseball fans everywhere.  This truly is a glorious day that the Lord has made.  And I'd like to extend my congratulations to Murray and Lon and Dennis.  It's an honor to be going in with you guys today.  Congratulations.  To Jane Clark, Dale Petroskey, Jeff Idelson, Kim Bennett and the entire staff here at the Hall, I just want to thank you for making these last few months so special for me and my family.  A nd for the Baseball Writers Association of America, you know, what can I say?  Thanks for voting for me , and I guess not holding being a DH against me.  It's such a privilege to stand before you today.  The journey that brought me here to Cooperstown was a n amazing one , and I'd l ike to share some of that with you today.  I grew up in St. Paul, Minnesota in a wonderful family consisting of my mom and d ad, six sisters and a brother.  I loved all sports, but baseball was my passion.  When that snow would begin to melt and that grass would start to peak through in the spring time, it was time for baseball.  My dad and I used to go out in the backyard.  And we had the perfect height of a fence for a young aspiring Major Leaguer to have to leap to his u t most to st eal that home run away.  And my dad and I could play that game for hours.  I was a huge fan of the Minnesota Twins growing up and I remember listening to all of the games on the radio, waiting to see if my favorite player, Harmon Killebrew, would hit one o ut.  The '65 series against the Dodgers, for a nine year old was really something.  Drysdale and Sandy pitched it up against guys like Harmon and Tony . You couldn't get much better than that.  I started my Little League days on the fields of Highland Grove land and then went on to Linwood and Oxford playgrounds.  I played on a couple of teams per summer and had a game almost every night.  I also had a summer job, which was caddying, which was my first job.  And I'd always have to ask the caddy master , I've got to leave early for my g ames tonight.  Finally, he had to offer me the ultimatum, "What do you want to do, make money or play baseball?"  I guess I learned later on that you could do both.  As I got older, my passion grew , and my dreams became more viv id.  I played ball in school, of course, first at St. Luke s in St.  Paul, and then on to Cret i n High School, which I know is very well represented here today, a couple hundred in on a charter.  I'm grateful to all the coaches that I had growing up who sacr ificed their time to help kids like me learn the great game of baseball.  But there was one coach who really stood out as being particularly helpful and influencing both for me as a ball player and as a young man, and his name is Bill Peterson.  I played f or Bill for almost six years.  He was my coach for VFW, American Legion, high school.  And he just had a way with our clubs.Our practices were always full of energy and lots of chatter, people running all over the place.  Any time we had a bad practice meant lining up and doing head - first slides.  But those were the exceptions because Bill had a way of bringing out the best of all of us every day.  Bill just also happened to have coached Dave Winfield.  Not bad. Two kids from St. Paul finding their way to Cooperstown and both come through Bill Peterson's program.  So, thanks for everything, Billy P.  It was on to the University of Minnesota to play for Dick Siebert and George Thomas.  I'm indebted to the University for giving me the chance to continue my education as well as play for a legendary college coach who we fondly refer to as "The Chief .  "  Dick was a stickler for fundamentals , and when you practice indoors f or two months in the winter time , you get pretty good at them .  O ne of the reasons I think I got to the m ajors so quickly was that because of Dick's program , I was fundamentally sound, as Dan Patrick would say. And I know Chief was the one who helped me get that way.  During my time at Minnesota I played for a man named Sam Supl i zio.  And even though my summer was cut short when I broke my jaw, Sam and I became good friends and remain that way today.  I appreciate you, Sammy.  I was drafted by the Brewers after my junior year.  A couple of scouts, Tony Sieg a l and Dee Fondy, thought I was worthy of a first round selection.  I w ent on to Burlington, Iowa to play for the Bees under Denis Menke.  And it was a great summer in Burlington, winning down there.  And Denis helped me realize if I was ever going to get to the m ajors , I was never going to be a power hitter, so I canned that idea and started to try to learn to hit the ball to a ll fields.  It was on to my first m ajor l eague camp in '78.  You know, I survived some pretty ugly days early in camp, as most rookies have.  There was even one day when Frank Howard asked me if the scout was drunk when he signed me.  But somehow I made the opening day roster, largely due in part to an injury to Robin, and it was the beginning of a very memorable 15 years in Milwaukee.  Yes, it was.  Harry Dalton and the organization put together quite an amazing team back then and we had quite a cast of characters.  But when you put us all the together we could really play.  We knew how to have fun and we knew how to win.  In 1982 , we waited until the last day of the seas on to win the division, and then, of course, falling behind the Angels , 0 - 2 , before coming back and the Brewers finally had themselves the first World Series.  I'll always remember late in Game 5 of the playoffs , Cecil Cooper, a big hit . He drove in Jimmy Gantner and Charlie Moore.  A nd an inning later , Rodney hit a ball to Robin at short , and he threw over to Cecil , and County Stadium just went ballistic.  I think it was the loudest I ever heard that place. And I think Ozzie probably remembers that one, wh erever Ozzie is.I'd like to thank Commissioner Selig for his leadership and friendship while he owned the Brewers. Bud was a great one to play for , and he was a true fan of the game.  His door was always open , and I often took advantage.  We had some gre at talks about a lot of different things or, as Bud would say, a plethora of things.  I learned a great deal from Mr. Selig.  One of the best parts about my time in Milwaukee -- and I see both of their jerseys over there -- was playing with Robin Youn t and Jimmy Gantner the entire time I was there.  In fact, we set the record for longest teammates, for 15 years.  Jimmy w as what I would call an overachiever, and that's not a knock.  He wasn't really picked to be a m ajor l eague player, but he put t ogether an incredible 17 - year career.  And I've just got to share a couple of Jimmy stories.  Jimmy had a way with the English language that would make Yogi proud.  I'll give you a couple of examples.  There's a time Jimmy got in a rundown and somehow he found a way to make contact with the infielder, and he looked at the umpire and he started yelling , "That's construction, that's construction."  And I remember being in a clinic with him one time for kids and Jimmy was talking about hitting and the importance of balan ce .  H e was talking about , you've got to make sure you stay on the palms of your feet. That will keep you locked in." Those are just a couple of G umby - isms for you.  What can I say about Robin?  I learned so much from Robin.  Although we were contemporari es in age, he had played in the b ig l eagues for four years before I got there.  Robin had a simple philosophy about playing : "What can I do to help my team win today?"  And believe me, there was a lot of things that Robin Yount could do to help his team wi n.  I'm honored to follow him into the Hall as the second player to wear a Brewers hat on his plaque.  Well, the fans of Milwaukee, Wisconsin were always tremendously supportive.  There were so many days when I arrived to County Stadium , and there would already be 10 to 15 thousand people in the parking lot, five hours before game time.  I think it's pretty obvious they invented tailgating.  And I'll always remember the parade that you put on for us in 1982, even though we lost.  I always told people judg ing by the reaction of the crowd that day you would never have been able to tell , did we win or did we lose, that's how supported we felt as players.  So, thank you, Milwaukee fans, for making my time there so special.  It was on to Toronto in '93.  And I want to thank Paul Beeston and Pat Gillick for bringing me in to try to help the Blue Jays defend their title of '92.  Defend it we did.  And it had been 11 years since I had been into a World Series , and I was determined to savor every moment.  And then there was the moment with Joe Carter's home run, I was finally able to enter the winner's circle.  I'm indebted to the Jays organization for the opportunity , and I would like to thank them along with the Blue Jay fans who showed up, four million strong in '93, for giving me three great years in the beautiful city of Toronto.It was time to go back home, complete the circle.  Terry Ryan brought me back to Minnesota to play for the team that I followed as a kid.  My friends and family could hop in the car a nd drive down to the Metrodome, just like the old days on the p layground.  You know, I remember the fans giving me a standing ovation my first at bat back in the Metrodome , and I also remember promptly honoring it by striking out.  But I had three very en joyable years in Minnesota playing for Tom Kelly, who I learned a great deal from.  And once again I was able to follow Dave Winfield's path and I got my 3 ,000th hit back at home playing for the Twins , and remarkably , we did it on the exact same day.  So, Dave and my career had a lot of parallels. The only down side going back to Minnesota, other than not winning enough games, was I hoped to have a chance to play with Kirby Puckett, and we all know Puck had to retire with glaucoma and it would have been gre at.  But Puck, I'm happy to be on your team now.  So, appreciate you, brother.  I'd like to thank all the managers I had a chance to play for, all the teammates I had a chance to play with and all my coaches who helped me become a better player.  As you c an imagine, there's too many to name, but I'm gr ate ful to all of them.  The baseball m emories are great, but when you think about it, the people memories are even better.  Just to change gears a little bit and talk about friends and family.  First of all, I 've got some buddies here from Minnesota.  Kevin, Sean, Bruce and Denny, you guys have been through it all with me , and it was great to play golf with you yesterday. So, I'm glad you guys are here.  Greg Groh was my pastor when I was in Milwaukee and we de veloped a mentoring relationship that's been going on for many years now.  Greg, our trip together to India was one of my life's greatest moments.  You encourage me with how you serve the Lord in your work and in your life.  As iron sharpens iron, so does one man sharpen another.  Greg, you've helped me more than you know.  To John Boggs, the man who knows my heart, my joys and my struggles, you cannot be more loyal than this man.  John, our friendship is unique and I value it very much.  And I know I give you a hard time when you call me all the time, but don't ever stop, all right.  Ron Simon has been my attorney and friend since 1977, through thick and thin.  Ron, you've never wavered.  I'm grateful for your guidance, your wisdom and your friendship.  Yo ur courage has been remarkable, battling Parkinson's for many years now.  Yet, you've never complained and you've always found something positive.  You're a fighter and you're a winner.  To all my aunts and uncles, nephews and nieces and cousins -- all lik e 9,000 of you -- I'm so glad that you all came from all over to be here.  It means a lot to me, so thank you.  To my sisters, Mary Alice, Carol, Vicki, Angie, Judy and Barbie, we've been through a lot together.  Thank you for loving me and supporting me t hrough this life of baseball.  You know, in some ways it's kept us apart, in other ways it's brought us very closetogether.  And I might not have thought this when I was young, but it's crystal clear to me now that I'm very blessed to have six sisters.  T o my brother David, I don't know what it would be like to have a brother who's a professional athlete, but if I did, I hope I would have been a brother to him like you've been to me.  You've always taken the high road, and I'll always remember the letter t hat you sent me when you opened up your heart.  It's been great to have you share in this journey with me.  I appreciate you.  My mom, Kathleen, was a huge baseball fan.  When I was young , she shared stories of how she used to go to Lexington Park in St.  P aul to watch the m inor l eague games. She talked of seeing the likes of Willie Mays and Roy Campanella coming through the Twin Cities.  Somehow amidst raising eight kids, she managed to see me play a lot of games.  But my mom always thought she was a jinx .  She'd come to the games and she'd watch t hem from her car or she'd hide behind the tree.  And it was strange because it continued even in the m ajor l eagues. I'd leave her seats in the family section and couldn't find her.  She'd walk around looking for an empty seat.  It's kind of like here's Waldo, you know, here's my mom But I'll certainly never forget all that my mom did for me.  We had the most incredible visit in Spring Training shortly before she suddenly passed away in 1988 , and it was just very open and very intimate.  It was like that she knew she'd be going to heaven soon.  So, I thank God for giving us that special time , and I miss you and I love you, Mom.  My dad, Richard, had tremendous work ethic.  And that's probably the number one t hing that I learned from him.  He found a way to support eight kids and keep us all v ery happy.  He was never the kind of dad to put pressure on his kids.  He'd have a pat on the back for a well - played game and a word of encouragement when I would struggle , basically.  He n ever really meddled in my business.  Just hey, go out there and have some fun.  It was just two years ago that my dad was courageously battling cancer.  And thankfully, I was working in Minnesota at the time and I got to see him quite a b it.  We h ad some, you know, great talks during that summer.  One of my sisters shared with me that he had told his doctors that they better get him healthy because he had a date i n C ooperstown in two years, and I know how much he wanted to be here.  Words I'll never forget were my dad's to me the last time I saw him.  He said, "I'm so proud to have you as my son and I love you."  So, I love you, too, Dad, and I miss you.  To my daughter, Blaire, you're such a beautiful person , and you've matured into such a n incredible young woman.  I know that you had to sacrifice a lot because your dad played baseball , and I traveled and I worked, but the memories we do have, they mean so much to me.  I love you very much and I'm very proud of you and I'm really glad you'r e here.  Joshua, I know that better days are ahead for us.Linda, I know that you made many sacrifices.  Well, your unselfishness allowed me to immerse myself in baseball while you cared for Blaire and I'm grateful for the things you did for me.  To my w ife, Destini, I'm a blessed man to have you come into my life.  You have g iven me much love and happiness as well as our precious daughter, Julia.  I love you very much.  And to Julia, I know at 11 months you're too young to understand me now, but I want yo u to know how much joy you bring me and that your Daddy loves you. To you both, I'm excited about what our future brings.  I'd like to thank God for his many, many blessings in my life, including my salvation that he's allowed me through his son, Jesus.  I know the gift that I had to play this game came from him.  Why someone can hit a 95 mile per hour fastball and someone else can't certainly isn't something you can take credit for.  So, Lord, I give you all the glory for the things you've allowed me to accomplish, including being inducted into the Hall of Fame.  My time's almost up.  But in closing, you know, my dreams never took me to Cooperstown. Like most of these guys and probably all of them, I didn't play the game to get here, I played the game bec ause I l oved it. That being said, it's the Hall of Fame, it's that magical place, it's that place that transcends time, where baseball is respectful, traditional, simple and pure.  You know, I look behind me , and I see a group of incredible men.  Some of t hese men are the gentlemen that helped fuel my passion as a youngster.  And then there are other men that I had a chance to either compete with, compete against , o r play with.  And, of course, there are the other Hall of Famers who aren't able to be here t oday.  Together they compile an amazing fraternity of baseball brothers that parallel the history of this great game.  And I want to thank them all for making me feel so welcome and embracing me into the family of the Hall of Fame.  And all the fans that came out today, I appreciate you more than you know sharing in this day with me.  Thank you, everybody, and God bless you.

DENNIS ECKERSLEY: You have to bear with me for a second here.  I'm getting old.  Man, that 's something.  Good job, Paul.  First of all, I want to thank you, Bud, thank you very much.  I want to thank Jane Clark, Chairman of the Hall of the Fame.  I want to thank Dale Petroskey, the President of the Hall of Fame, and the entire Hall of Fame staf f.  It's been a wonderful stay.  They've been so welcoming.  It's been absolutely wonderful.  Thank you.  I'd also like to thank the Baseball Writers Association of America for that day on January 6, 2004.  I was humbled and overwhelmed by your support.  A nd I'd like also to thank my friends, family and former teammates who made the journey to Cooperstown, especially the p eople who came all the way from Oakland, because it means so much to me.  And to the 50 Hall of Famers sitting behind me, I am truly hum bled and in awe of standing here in front of you.  There's no w ords I can convey to tell what you it feels like to be in your company.  I always dreamed of being a m ajor l eague baseball player, but I never dreamed of being in the Hall of Fame. I could have never envisioned myself standing next to my childhood idols, Juan Marichal and Willie Mays. They were the best, I'm telling you.  It's an honor to be inducted with Paul Molitor.  I'm also honored to be inducted with Paul Molitor, Lon Simmons and Murray C hass.  Paul, you're among the greatest who ever played this game and, most importantly, those who respect the game with all your h eart.  You're one of the smartest players in the game. You did it all .  Y ou hit for average, you hit for power, you had the qui ckest bat in the game. And I tell you what, you were an all - around pain in the --- to deal with.  Lon Simmons. You know, as a kid, I'd listen to games on the radio late at night and listen to Lon.  And, Lon, you are a true gentleman and an incredible broad caster, and i t's an honor to be going to the Hall of game with you.  Murray, you're a very gifted and knowledgeable writer , and I want to congratulate you on the honor, too.  Thank you.  Most importantly, I'd like to thank my family for the love you've giv en m y and the sacrifices you've made for me.  This day is a tribute to my mom and dad.  I love you both so much , and I want to thank you .  I want to thank you for your unwavering support.  My parents were there for me , and they are here for me now. And my d ad struggled to get here today, and both of us knew nothing could have stood in the way of us sharing this moment together.  My passion for baseball was born as a little kid growing up in Fremont, California.  Man, I'd listen to the Giants games late at n ight on a transistor radio.  I could still hear the echoin my mind of Lon Simmons calling a home run call, "And you can tell it goodbye."  I loved it.  Those were the days of Willie Mays and Juan Marichal.  You know, I wanted to pitch like Marichal and hi t like Willie Mays.  You know, we didn't go to many Giant games, but when I did , I savored every moment.  I couldn't take my eyes off Willie Mays.  I was fascinated by that basket catch.  I tried to emulate Marichal's high leg kick.  And that's where the d ream began.  I had the c h ance to hone my pitching skills at a young age because I'd play with m y older brother, Wally.  He was two years older than I was , and he let me play with him and his friends, and trying to keep up with them really made me a better player right away.  It helps to have an older brother pave the way before you get to high school.  Speaking of high school, I'll always remember my coach, Bill Lightfoot.  Don't know what I would have done without his support.  And I know, Bill, you're here today and thank you, wherever you are.  Also speaking of high school, I want to recognize two of my lifelong friends, Mike Jacinto and Jeff Pimental.  My career in baseball can partially be credited to you guys because you dashed my dreams of being t h e Washington High S chool quarterback , because I had to play second string behind these two guys.  Anyway, they were great athletes and to this day my great friends.  My parents encouraged me and supported my passion for baseball every step of the way.  My dad managed me , and he was a part - time groundskeeper at the same time.  He came to every game, leaving work early to be there.  Fathers didn't really do that back then.  My mom used to work the snack bars in Little League games, and my mom and sister were there the day I left to go play in the minor leagues .  I was 17 years old and three days out of high school and I got signed by the Cleveland Indians .  I t was a major moment in my life , and I'll never forget waving goodby e to my sister, Cindy , m y mom and dad when I left h ome for the first time.  When I was 18 years old I married my first wife, Denise.  I want to thank her for giving me stability at a time I needed it and for supporting me a hundred percent of the way.  She grounded me and helped me get to the Big Leagues.  A few years later my daughter, Mandee, was born.  She has matured into a dynamic, special woman.  And, Mandee, you fill my heart with joy and pride and I love you very much.  In 1975 I made it to the b ig l eagues right out of Spring Training.  The major reason was Frank Robinson.  If it weren't for Frank taking a chance on a cocky 20 - year - old, I wouldn't have gotten to b ig l eagues so soon.  I'm indebted to Frank Robinson.  I watched Frank closely , and I learned early on from one of the greates t ever.  He was intensely competitive and his style rubbed off on me.  I made a lot of lifelong friends in Cleveland:  Buddy Bell, he took me under his wing; other guys, Ray Fosse, Duane Kuiper, Rick Manning, just to mention a few.  I never wanted to leave Cleveland, never.  It was upsetting when I got traded to Boston.  That firsttrade is the most painful , c ombined with the agony of a broken marriage.  But little did I know that special times were to come.  I didn't leave Cleveland alone.  It was t here I m et my agent, Ed Keating, with whom I formed a deep friendship and a special bond.  Ed watched out for me on and off the field.  We shared camaraderie like brothers.  He watched over me with a protection and sternness of a father , and I loved him and I reli ed on him. I thank him for what he did for me , and I miss him very , very much.  I think of him often, though, and I stay committed to his memory through my efforts with the Ed Keating Recovery Center in Cleveland, Ohio.  Joining the Boston Red Sox in 1978 gave me the first taste of winning baseball.  I am very proud of that 20 - win season in 1978.  Playing in legendary Fenway Park is absolutely unbelievable, with their passionate fans and capacity crowds.  There's an energy in the air at Fenway, you c an just feel it.  I was fortunate to play on some great teams with great players like Yaz, Tony Perez, Carlton Fisk, other greats like Mike Torrez, Jim Rice, Fred Lynn, Dwight Evans, Luis Tiant, all these guys.  I'll always remember Don Zimmer from those days, to o.  It's great that you're here today, Zim.  After Boston , I didn't skip a beat.  I went to the Cubs. I was lucky to find myself in another great baseball town with tremendous fans that have an extreme passion for this game of baseball.  There's no place li ke Wrigley Field.  Great place to hit, bad place to pitch.  I mean, I even hit three home runs at Wrigley Field.  Tell me about it.  I have some fond memories of the 1984 Cubs, or should I say the Ryne Sandberg Cubs of 1984.  We almost went all the way.  Y ou meet a lot of special people along the way , and in Chicago , I met a close friend of mine, Scott Sanderson, a long - time m ajor l eague pitcher and lifelong friend.  That off - season, after 1986, was probably one of the most difficult times in my life, both personally and professionally.  This is when my life changed forever.  My career hit a major downturn , and I was spiraling out of control personally.  For the 12 years I pitched as a starter , I relied on raw talent and innate ability to get through.  It w orked most of the time, but times were changing.  No one knew then, but I was fighting a major battle with alcohol and I knew I had come to the crossroads in my life.  With the grace of God , I got sober , and I saved my life.  I was a new man.  I was a rene wed man.  It took a great deal of acceptance to come to terms with being an a lcoholic, but the acceptance was key to my sobriety.  If I had not gained acceptance at that time in my life, I would not be standing here today.  My career would have not taken m e this far.  I'd like to take a moment to thank my wife at the time, Nancy, for sticking by me d uring those years.  They were difficult, hard years, but you chose to stay by me.  I am grateful for your love and support.  I was indeed blessed to have a base ball career, but it didn't come without sacrifice.  It takes a toll on a family.  I tried my best to be a good husband and father, but I knew that baseball got in the way a lot.  I strive to be a good father , and I love my kids very much, Mandee, Jake and Allie.  I love you all , and I'll always be there for you.The great writer Walt Whitman once said, "Baseball will repair our losses and be a blessing to us."  Well, I saved my life , and my career was about to be repaired.  You never know when life is goin g to change forever.  And in the spring of 1987, I was traded to the Oakland A's.  I was happy about the trade, but I was even happier to be home again.  My heart belongs in California.  I will forever remember meeting the then manager, A's manager Tony La Russa.  I remember going in his office when I first got there, and I didn't know what to think of this long - haired manager.  I don't think he knew what to think of me, either.  He just said, "Go to the bullpen , and we'll figure out what we are going to do with you."  Anyway, he and pitching coach Dave Duncan figured it out , and I became a reliever. And although it was a demotion, I was able to embrace my new role as a reliever because of my recent personal transformation. I channeled my personal acceptance into my professional life , and I became reinvigorated as a pitcher.  Relieving brought back my youth because I could throw hard again.  It was a wonderful way for me to express myself.  I didn't know how my relationship with Tony LaRussa would develop.  An d as it turns out, it would become one of the most important and significant relationships in my life.  Tony and I have a strong bond beyond manager and player.  On the field we shared an intense passion for baseball.  Off the field , we are men made of the same moral fabric.  We care at the same level.  Beyond being n umber 43, Tony knew me as a person.  As much as he knew my arm, he knew my heart and mind.  Tony knew me so much, that I internalized disappointing losses.  Several times when he could tell I w as taking it hard, he'd simply leave me a note later that night that simply said "You're the best, Eck."  I was deeply moved by those gestures.  Those notes , and Tony's confidence , were instrumental in carrying me through difficult moments. Tony always sai d the key to confidence lies in preparation.  Remember to cross your T's and dot your I's, he'd say. I took preparation to another level, both mentally and physically.  My pitching coach, Dave Duncan, also helped me get through a lot of difficult times i n my career.  We shared a similar personal style.  Dunc knew my pitching mechanics as well as he knew my mentality.  He instilled confidence with me and was always honest about where I went wrong and what I needed to do.  He communicated well, using few wo rds.  He helped direct me.  I trusted him, his direction, and I respected and appreciated his honesty.  I'm being inducted into the Hall of Fame in large part because of Tony LaRussa and Dave Duncan.  Not only did they change how late innings of a basebal l game would be played, they carved out a role that was tailor - made for my personality, aggressiveness, competitiveness and intensity. They created a platform to me to pitch another 12 years.  And it is in those 12 years that were my ticket to Cooperstown.Those years in Oakland were, without a doubt, the best years of my life.  Those years to me were like magic.  I was a piece of a much greater whole.  Beyond any individual efforts, my greatest successes came from being a part of great teams.  I had the fortune of playing with great players on great teams for great owners.  We bred success and we expected to win.  In my opinion, the A's were a dynasty.  Starting with the owners, the Haas family.  They were great owners because they truly cared.  They in vested in big market players even though they were a small market team.  The A's had an exceptional management team led by Sandy Alderson and Walt Jocke tt y.  And I credit Sandy Alderson for the innovative vision and were generous, co mmunity - minded owners.  They taught me by example the importance of giving back to the community.  I connected instantly with my friend Dave Perron.  He headed up the A's community relations at the time , and he's one of my closest friends , and he's like a brother to me.  I loved our relationship, Dave, and I want to thank you for your friendship and loyalty.  I made a lot of great friends during that time that will stay forever, like pitcher Ron Darling.  Ronnie pitched with the A's and Mets, and I'm sure y ou know Ronnie.  There are so many great players that I remember, like McG w ire and Canseco, Stewart, Welch, Ricky Henderson, Dave Henderson, Carney Lansford, Walt Weiss, Mike Gallego, Terry Steinbach, Mike Moore and, bullpen guys , Jim Corsi, Gene Nelson an d Rick Honeycutt.  And, Rick, if it wasn't for you getting out those lefthanders, man, I would not be here today.  There are so many other people who took a lot of care of me along the way, too.  M ickey Mor a bito, the A's traveling secretary, Steve Vucinich , the clubhouse manager, Dr. Elliott Schwartz, and my trainer, Barry Weinberg.  Barry, you listened to me so many, many times after some difficult losses and that meant a lot to me , and I want to thank you very much.  I want to acknowledge the wonderful fa ns of Oakland.  I want to thank you for your kindness and your support.  I didn't have all great moments in Oakland, believe you me.  My success was mixed with some devastating losses.  But you always stood by me and I want to take this opportunity to tell you how much your affection and loyalty meant to me.  One moment I'll always remember was the ovation you gave me after returning home from that devastating loss to the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1988.  I will never forget that moment.  Thank you.  What made the A's years extra special for me was having my parents in the stands every game.  They were fixtures at the Oakland Coliseum , and I'm thrilled we were able to share these moments together.  Looking back over my career , throwing a no - hitter, winning 20 g ames in Boston were highlights, but those moments can't even come close to beating the San Francisco Giants in the 1989 World Series.  Making that play for the last out, I had the ball in my glove for a kid from Fremont, California , it doesn't get any be tter than that.After nine magical years in Oakland, I spent two seasons with the St. Louis Cardinals and then I finally retired with the Boston Red Sox in '98.  And in 2001 I met Jennifer Szoke.  Jennifer, I want to thank you for your supp ort.  You've ch anged my life forever.  I am dedicated to you and love you very, very m uch.  While retirement meant the end of my playing days, it didn't bring closure to me.  Now I've come to the end, to Cooperstown, to close my career.  What a way to close.  This is the ultimate.  And though this marks the ending of my career, my passion for this game lives forever because baseball lives in my soul.  God put it there and there it will always be.  Baseball is in every fiber of my being.  I care for this game with my heart and soul.  I dedicated my life to being the best pitcher I could be.  You leave me humbled and grateful for this honor.  I'd like to leave an offering of a message of hope.  That is, with the grace of God you can change your l ife, whoever you are.  Thank you all, and thank you, God.
