JERRY WATKINS: It's a tremendous honor for me to be on the stage with these Hall of Fame ball players.  Many of you have given me hours of enjoyment, and some of you have just broken my heart with a well pitched game or a timely hit.  But I respect every one of you for what you've accomplished.  In fact, any time I have to create a pin number online, I don't have to think twice.  26, 31, 23 or 10.  those numbers.  My pin number will include the numbers 14, See, I'm a Cub fan and every Cub fan knows 14 is Ernie Banks, 26 is Billy Williams, 31 is Fergie Jenkins, 23 is Ryno, and 10 is Ron Santo.  And even before Ron Santo joined that group as a member of the Hall of Fame, and even before his number 10 flew from the left field foul pole at Wrigley Field, I always included him because in my heart I believed he belonged and one day would be a member of the Hall of Fame.  But I have to tell you the truth, in my heart I never believed this day would come, the day that we would stand here together and honor my great grandfather James Deacon White as a member of the Baseball Hall of Fame.  You've got to remember, Cub fans are really good at waiting.  On behalf of my entire family, of which there's almost 50 here today, I'd like to thank the Hall of Fame for this great honor and for being a great host to us this weekend.  Specifically, I'd like to thank the pre-integration veteran's committee for voting James White a member of the Baseball Hall2 of Fame.  I'd like to thank the many individuals and organizations that have championed his candidacy over the years, specifically the Society for American Baseball Research and Peter Morris and Joe Williams, who both were long-time supporters of James White.  And on a personal note, I would be remiss if I didn't thank my aunt, Betty Watkins Jackson, who is James White's granddaughter and oldest living relative for giving me the honor of speaking here today.  James White was born on December 7th, 1847, not far from here in Canton, New York.  He grew up in the shadows of the Civil War, playing ball with his brother Will and his cousin Elmer, both of whom would become professional ball players.  White played professional ball for 20 seasons for seven different teams, Cleveland Forest Citys, the Boston Red Stockings, the Chicago White Stockings, the Cincinnati Reds, Buffalo Bisons, the Detroit Wolverines and the Pittsburgh Pirates.  He started his career at age 21 and played until he was over 40.  He was a catcher at a time when catchers caught bare handed and stood back from the plate.  White was known for creeping up behind the batter and catching the ball before it hit the ground.  And my dad used to tell me stories of taking his grandfather's hand and holding it, and he said it felt like a tree branch with twisted and knarled fingers from so many years of catching bare handed.3 His long career is marked by many accomplishments.  He's credited with having the first hit in professional baseball, a double in the first game of the National Association, which most baseball historians consider to be the first professional league.  We all know it was a far different game back in the late 1800s, five strikes, eight balls, a foul ball didn't count as a strike and if a foul ball was caught on the fly it didn't count as an out.  The batter even got to tell the pitcher where he wanted the ball.  So comparing statistics with modern day players is pretty much meaningless.  All you can do is compare the statistics to all players who played in that era, and by that standard James White was outstanding.  Twice he led the heat, compiling a lifetime average of .312.  He led the league in RBIs three times.  His last league leading RBI season was 1876, and no catcher would lead the league in RBIs again until 1953 when the great Roy Campanelia did it 77 years later.  And that 1876 season was special.  It was the first year of the National League and White played for the Chicago White Stockings, the first Chicago National League ball club.  And for that reason, I'll always consider my great grandfather to be one of the very first Chicago Cubs.  In fact, the White Stockings won the championship that year and White's team won five consecutive championships after that from 1873 to 1877, and during that span he played on three different teams.4 One of the greatuotes from 19th century baseball was delivered by James White.  In 1889, White and Jack Rowe were sold to Pittsburgh and they refused to report unless they were paid more money.  Eventually they were paid and then when he reported to Pittsburgh, he told a reporter, "We appreciate the money but we ain't worth it.  Row e's arm is gone and I'm over 40, my fielding ain't so good, though I can still hit some.  But I'm going to tell you this, no man is going to sell my carcass unless I get half." Back in the late 1800s, ball players weren't looked up to and revered the way they are today, it was a rough and tumble bunch that played the game and they were known for playing hard both on and off the field.  In fact, as a young man, White proposed marriage to his hometown sweetheart only to have it vetoed by her father because he didn't want his daughter marrying a ball player.  Bet that doesn't happen very often today.  In this era, White was an exception.  He was a devout Christian, a life-long member of the Advent Christian Church.  He was giving the nickname Deacon by his teammates.  Touote an article from 1878 and noted in the Peter Morris book Catchers, "The boys call him Deacon because he reads the Bible, he drinks water and he does not get mad and swear when a red leg drops a ball or an umpire makes a doubtful decision." James White and his wife Marion had one daughter Grace, my5 grandmother.  When Grace was old enough to go to college, James and his wife sent her out west to Mendota, Illinois to a small denominational college, Mendota College.  There she met a farm boy from Wisconsin, fell in love and got married.  And after college, Grace and her husband Roger Watkins started a printing business in Mendota.  When his playing days were over, White and his wife had moved west to Mendota, Illinois and I'm sure part of the motivation was to be near their daughter and her growing family, but it was also an opportunity for him to serve at Mendota College.  Mrs. White served as a house parent while James worked on the grounds.  The college eventually moved to Aurora, Illinois and the whole family moved with it.  James White lived with his daughter and her family in Aurora until his death in 1939 at the age of 91.  Aurora College, now Aurora University, was a significant influence in the life of James White and continues to be a significant influence in the lives of the members of our family.  All four of White's grandchildren, Jim, Marion, Betty and Dan attended the college as did all four of their spouses.  In my generation, eight of his great grandchildren attended Aurora College and my sister Joan today is a part-time instructor.  All this influence can be traced directly back to James White.  His Christian heritage has also been a significant influence in our family.  Many of his grandchildren, great6 grandchildren and even great great grandchildren are deeply involved in Christian causes.  I'm honored to have been allowed to speak here today on behalf of my family.  rest of our lives.  This is a day we will all remember for the In my mind, the only way it could have been better is if my dad were here today to see it.  My dad loved his grandfather, he loved baseball and he loved the Chicago Cubs.  It was his lifelong dream to see his grandfather enshrined into the Baseball Hall of Fame and it was his lifelong dream to see the Cubs play in the World Series.  of them.  Well, Dad, today you got one And we got some good men in Theo and Jeb working on the other one.  If my great grandfather were here today, he would say thank you to the Hall of Fame for this great honor and he would say thank you to each of you for being here, so on his behalf, I say thank you.

DENNIS MCNAMARA: Thank you to Commissioner Selig.  My name is Dennis McNamara, and I'd like to thank Jane Forbes Clark and Jeff Idelson, the Hall of Famers and baseball dignitaries here today.  Also, congratulations to the families of Jacob Rupert and Deacon White, and our numerous honorees.  Hello to baseball supporters everywhere.  Why is some guy named Dennis McNamara standing up here?  Because I'm the oldest living decedent of my granduncle Hank O'Day who's now inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame.  I'd really like now to yell out "Take me out to the ball game" but I'll behave myself.  I wonder, what does all this mean?  recognized at some point.  It means everyone is You may not know it, but recognition does come, perhapsuietly in your every-day life or yes, sometimes a great honor which Hank O'Day is now receiving posthumously 86 years after he finished his long career as an umpire.  Persevere, for you too are or will be recognized.  The O'Day story is a tale of Chicago where Hank lived his entire life.  He was born on 1859 to deaf parents who were Irish immigrants on the west side of the city.  those years before the Civil War.  in Chicago, a real baseball hotbed.  It was farm country in His extended family is still It has two teams with rich histories and has been home to fabulous players such as Banks, Williams, Jenkins, Appling, Fox, Aparacio, Fisk, Double-Duty and my late friend Ron Santo.  It was my pleasure to introduce2 Ronnie to his wife Vickie, who made that beautiful speech last year.  Chicago had Comiskey Park, still has Wrigley Field, fireworks at US Cellular Field and the planned Chicago baseball museum which has the Jerome Holtzman library.  We have a future Hall of Famer in White Sox Chairman Jerry Reinsdorf and a Cubs chairman, Tom Ricketts, who is very committed.  We love our teams even if it took the Sox 88 years to win another World Series and the Cubs are now 105 years and counting.  Hey, as Hall of Fame broadcaster Jack Brickhouse said, "Anybody can have a bad century." So who was this Hank O'Day?  I bet few know he was not only a Hall of Fame umpire but also an accomplished Major League pitcher starting in 1884.  Yes, that's 1884.  the Cincinnati Reds and Chicago Cubs.  Chicagoan to skipper the Cubs.  He also managed He was the first native He's the only man in the history of the National League to play, manage and umpire in full seasons, all during an outstanding five decades in the game.  Uncle Hank first threw his wicked fastball on the Chicago sand lots, and his seven seasons of playing included a spectacular performance for the 1989 World's championship.  that series he had an ERA of 1.17 in 23 innings pitched.  bad.  He earned two victories.  Not bad.  won 22 games before his arm gave out.  In Not The following season, Not bad.  But my granduncle made his biggest impact as an umpire.  In3 1895, he was working as a Cook County Clerk.  to get those county jobs even back then.  We Irish knew how Baseball's brass remembered Hank O'Day had filled in as an umpire years ago and they called him to replace an injured ump.  different time.  Foul because were not strikes, ground-rule doubles were home runs.  covered the entire field.  man.  It was a much Can you believe this?  Only one umpire The owners refused to hire a second Finally, by the time Uncle Hank retired in 1927, two umpires worked each game.  Wow, what big spenders those owners were.  Hank O'Day umpired a then-record ten World Series, including the first modern classic in 1903.  Umpires had too often been victims of violence, and Uncle Hank was instrumental in taking umpires out of the dark ages.  He got all umps the respect and security they needed.  The man was known for his remarkable skill of accurately calling balls and strikes, and for his unrelenting honesty and integrity.  the time.  Back then, home teams won a surprising 61 percent of The lone umpire may have been intimidated by the local crowd, but not Hank O'Day.  Cleveland's manager remarked, "I hate to see O'Day in my home park, but I'm delighted when he's in charge and we're the road team." Honesty and integrity led Uncle Hank to the Hall of Fame.  Hank O'Day's famous moment came when he voided the apparent Giants victory over the Cubs in the infamous Merkle game in4 1908.  That suspended game kept the Cubs alive in the pennant race and they would win their last World Series.  from Chicago, no oneuestioned O'Day.  motive was to get the call right.  Though he was They knew his only In fact, what wasn't known was that he had umpired a game with the same situation only a few weeks earlier and was told by the National League that a key base running rule had to be enforced in the future, which he did in the Merkle game.  His decision has stood the test of time for over a century.  Honesty and integrity make any effort great regardless of the profession.  I was a Chicago police officer for 29 years and I've always been mindful of judges, police officers and the city officials who put their reputations on the line each day with unpopular calls to enforce the rules and laws of our society.  Uncle Hank died seven years before I was born, and yesterday was my 70th birthday and my 39th anniversary, my wedding anniversary.  Uncle Hank died seven years before I was born but he was an almost mythic figure in our family, and his example guided me as a policeman.  too.  It helped future decendents We count among us those who also work in transportation, at advertising, business, education, dining and entertainment.  My daughter Katie has been with the Harry Caray's group for 19 years.  Harry Caray.  How appropriate.  The lesson of Hank O'Day is do your best with honesty and integrity.  It is a lesson known to these Hall of Famers behind5 me and one that might be in the minds of some players not elected.  It will bring to this wonderful destination next year players who did value honesty and integrity such as our stars from Chicago: Frank Thomas, Greg Maddux.  Hopefully Minnie Minoso will join them via the veteran's committee.  Hank O'Day's grandnephew, my brother Rick, is here today as are Hank's great-grandnieces, my daughters Katie, Jodi, Traci, Christi, granddaughter Maggie, grandson John.  loving wife Carol.  And of course my I thank them all for living the ideal begun by our distant relative.  Thanks to the dedicated women and men of the Hall of Fame for everything, and I mean everything -- they got it from A to Z.  You wouldn't believe how it works -- they've done since the voting was announced and to the long-time Chicago sportscaster with a passion for this stuff, Tom Shaer, for all his help.  Most of all, the descendents of Uncle Hank are grateful to the greatest game, baseball, and to its leadership under Commissioner Selig for taking Major League baseball to new heights of popularity, integrity and overall health.  In closing, I urge everyone to visit the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum because this is the game's magnificent destination for professionals and fans.  Here are the best of the best, and I shall always be humbled by the fact that my granduncle Hank O'Day is among them.  tradition.  This is a place of Baseball respects tradition.  Hank O'Day and his6 family have held that tradition true, and I thank you very much.

ANNE VERNON: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you so much for being here to honor my great-granduncle.  I'm sure Uncle Jacob would be extremely proud and honored to know that he was about to become a member of the Baseball Hall of Fame, along with Hank O'Day and Deacon White.  I'd like to give a special thank you to the pre-integration committee for electing Jacob Ruppert to the Class of 2013.  Additionally, I'd like to offer a sincere thank you to Jane Forbes Clark, the chairman of the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum, and all the other very hard working board members.  Also a special thank you to Jeff Idelson, president of the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum, and all the amazing staff that have made myself, my family, my extended friends and cousins just feel amazingly welcome.  It's truly the best experience of our lives.  Also, I want to note that without all these people, I don't think the baseball Hall of Fame would be what it is, which is an extraordinary resource and a goal for people from all corners of the world to strive for, whether it's a visit or eventually to become a member.  I'm extremely honored to be in Cooperstown at the Baseball Hall of Fame as a representative for my family to honor the Colonel.  My great-granduncle Jacob was born about 90 years before myself in 1867.  Unfortunately I never had the opportunity to know him, however, stories were told about the2 New York Yankees and my energetic uncle, and they were told to all of us at a very early age.  I'm related to Jacob Ruppert through my grandmother, Cornelia Ruppert, who was a niece to Jacob Ruppert.  Oma, as we called her, married my grandfather Murray Vernon, and it was through my Grandmother Cornelia, my Grandfather Murray, my father Ruppert Vernon, who is deceased, and my Uncle Murray Vernon, who is alive but unfortunately can't be here due to illness, in Georgia, we were told all stories about my granduncle and they were rather exciting, sometimes colorful and always energetic.  It was a wonderful opportunity as young children to hear about it.  I'm going to talk to you about my point of views growing up as a child and myself as a parent with the Yankees and how it really affected our family and baseball.  My grandfather used to take me and my two younger siblings, Ruppert and Rosamund, without our parents fishing when we were very, very young.  The best fishing trips were always during the fall, during play-off season and of course in the midst of the World Series .  Pop-Pop, as we called him, would pack his Jacob Knickerbocker beer for himself, Coke-a-cola for his three grandkids, ham and Swiss cheese sandwiches, rotisserie chicken and Pepperidge Farm cookies.  We would then anchor the boat in auiet little spot so Pop-Pop could turn on the radio right away and catch the game and maybe a few fish.  There was no talking when the game was3 on, though we could cheer when the crowd cheered and the announcer discussed things and told us to yell from the stands.  We could also cheer if we caught a fish that was bigger than the last one.  My grandfather would keep a careful eye on us but a keen ear to the radio broadcaster.  Such amazing cherished memories of baseball.  My children, all four of them, played T-ball, little league, furthermore I dare to say they were as talented in this wonderful area of baseball as my great-granduncle Jacob was deemed; they were average in this area but they loved it.  One memory that stands out among the countless years of being a baseball mom was attending the first day of little league for my oldest son Nicholas when he was about, I think, in 7th grade.  The young players had gathered at their field, the parents were gathered there with the boys for the first practice, and in walked the coach.  The coach introduced himself and told us his story which according to my recollection goes this way: Coach explained that he was born in Vietnam and came back at the end of the war.  his life.  Then he went on to explain how baseball saved As a young child, he lived as an adopted child moving from place to place and wasn't always welcome from a child from that time in that background but, however, he was a veryuick runner, a hard worker, a decent batter and it was through baseball he was able to make friends and learned a lot about life.  The coach then went on to explain how baseball taught him4 everything he ever needed to know to succeed, team work, self-confidence and working through slumps.  Then he used a beautiful analogy, which I'm sure I will not get as accurately, about how each position on the team teaches you something, and each boy by the way would learn and try each position.  He really wanted to teach these young athletes about the game and how to grow as young men in this world.  Next, the coach told the boys that they had to make the personal commitment to their team, it was the boys' responsibility to get to and from practice and to work hard, a different perspective compared to some coaches today I venture to say.  An amazing coach who really made a big difference in my family and our son's life.  What an amazing game, baseball.  And as we all know, many players, professional and sandlot learn numerous, numerous lessons through playing baseball.  In closing, as the representative for my uncle, I want to thank you all, my family, my friends, the audience, the fans, especially the ones here cheering for the New York Yankees, yeah Yankees, past Hall of Fame classes, the pre-integration committee, Jane Forbes Clark, the entire board of directors of the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum, Jeff Idelson and the staff of National Baseball Hall of Fame for bestowing this great, great honor to my great granduncle Jacob Ruppert, Junior, and thank you all so very, very much for listening to me.  And5 have a great day.  All the best.  Thank you.
