BOBBY COX:  A few years ago, I was sitting with Steve Stone, the broadcaster for the Chicago White Sox at an A rizona Fall League game, and this guy comes up and says, "Steve, can I have your autograph?" He says, "Sure," and he signs it.  And he says, "Hey, you don't want Bobby's autograph?" And the guy just stared at me.  And he said, "Yeah, I know you.  You'r e that guy from Atlanta that gets thrown out all the time, right?" And I said, yeah, that's me.  But Lasorda, if he hadn't have quit so early in his career, he wouldn't have the record that I've got now.  I can honestly say that I got a long really well with the men in blue, and I have all the respect in the world for them.  I'm truly humbled to stand here before you in Cooperstown with two men that pitch ed for me and two managers that made my life as a manager so challenging, and a hitter that we never d id figure out how to pitch to him.  To Tom Glavine, Greg Maddux, and I have to mention, the third member of the big three, John Smoltz, I can honestly say I would not be standing here today if it weren't for you guys.  Together, these guys earned six Cy Y oung awards by wearing a Braves uniform.  I would be remiss if I didn't tell a Glavine a Maddux story, and it won't take very long.  They have heard them before, but only not too long ago, okay.  Anyway, since I've been voted in the Hall of Fame, I've go tten a lot of compliments on what a smart manager I am, or was.  And not so smart all the time.  Tommy Glavine is pitching this game and as usual, it's tight and late, and I'm looking at the situation, runners on second and third, two outs.  At least that' s what I'm seeing.  I go out to the mound and I said, "Hey, Tommy," Chipper comes, in the other infielders.  And I said, " What do you think?  Why don't we just watch this guy instead of pitching around him?" He said, "Skip, that's one of the better ideas you've had in the last month, but where are we going to put him?" So I looked at third, looked at second, there's runners there and I glance over at first, happens to be a runner there, too.  (Laughter.) So I said, "Look, if this gets out to the press t omorrow, each one of you are going to be fined a thousand dollars."  (Laughter.) Greg Maddux was the only pitcher that made me nervous when he started a ballgame.  Before the game started, he would always come to where I was sitting just below the dugout and give me this list of situations that might come up during the course of a ballgame, and I had to remember all these things.  So we're late in the game, and I'm thinking to myself, this is one of those situations that Greg wanted me to help him out wit h.  So there's runners at second and third, two outs and a base open, and I remember that darn situation.  So I tell Leo Mazzone, "I'm going to go out and check on Maddux."  I get out to the mound and I say, "Mad Dog, is this the guy you want to pitches t o and then walk him?" He says, "Yeah, don't you remember, Bobby?" I said, "Yeah, what are you trying to do, Mad Dog?" He says, "I'm trying to pop him up to Chipper Jones at third base on the second pitch." And you know what?  He did just that.  So, a nyway.  I was lucky in my career working for great baseball people.  So John Schuerholz, my general July 27, 2014visit our archives at asapsports.com 2 manager and now president of the Braves, who gave us the players to win 14 straight divisional titles.  I can only say, hope to see you here soon, John.  Because of free agency and monetary restraints on some clubs, it's difficult for players to stay with one organization his entire career.  But Chipper Jones did that.  Chipper, you'll be standing here soon.  And thank you for everything you've done for the Braves organization, and thanks to all the players, coaches, scouts, trainers, clubbies and front office personnel that passed through Atlanta and helped make the Braves organization what it is today.  Thanks to Bill Lucas, Ted Turner, Bill Bartholomay, T erry McGuirk, Stan Kasten and Paul Snyder, thank you for believing in me when they hired me, even though I had no Major League experience.  I also want to add thanks to Pat Gillick and Paul Beeston, who I worked for in Toronto.  When you talk about enjoyi ng your job and having fun, too, these two guys were the very best.  I also want to thank all of our family, friends, Braves fans that made the journey here today.  And to the fans back in Atlanta at Turner Field watching this on the big screen, thanks fo r sticking with us all these years.  I had an awesome dad, mom, and my sister, Joy.  My father had five brothers and six sisters who loved the game of baseball.  In fact, they formed the first little league and Babe Ruth leagues in my hometown of Selma, C alifornia, and that place is on the map because Tom Seaver lived ten miles up the road from me.  My father made my first pair of spikes out of an old pair of shoes.  I know they are watching from above today and I will say this:  If there is a game going on at the same time as this ceremony, I will guarantee you that my father is switching the TV back and forth and second guessing both managers (Laughter.) I always dreamed of being a ballplayer.  I had elbow surgery and missed my senior year of baseball.  I was sitting at home thinking of a couple of scholarships that I still had left when there was a knock on the door.  I opened the door and I didn't recognize the guy.  He said, "I'm Red Adams, and I'm a scout for the Los Angeles Dodgers.  And somebody a round this city," he said, "somebody told me that you just might make a ballplayer." Red took me to Los Angeles to work out and things were going really good.  He pulled me aside one day and he said, "Look, Al Campanis, our scouting director, is coming t o the workout tomorrow, and he's going to stand behind the cage and give the signals what to throw to you." He said, "Now, look, when I windup, and you see no white, it's a fastball.  And if you see white when I windup, it's a breaking ball." I said, "Good."  So we start the batting practice.  I see white, it's a breaking ball, boom, line drive, over the fence.  I see no white, it's a fastball, line drives.  This goes on for about five minutes.  And Al said, "Okay, boys, shower up and meet me in my of fice." Well, anyway, I signed a nice contract that day and my dream came true.  I'm playing for the New York Yankees eight years later and I get this letter in the mail with Dodger stationary on it.  I opened it and there was a check inside with a note t hat said, "Enclosed, please find check for $2,500 as an incentive bonus for reaching the Major Leagues.  And P.S. I know what you and Red were up to at that workout."  Sincerely, Al Campanis.  Two of my favorite people in baseball were Ralph Houck and Lee McPhail.  If not for them I would never have managed a professional baseball game.  They gave me the opportunity to become a manager.  And this has been really a great ride for all these seasons.  Every one with a changing cast characters and every up wit h full of memories.  I'll never forget the '91 season, and not too long after that, '95 when we went to the World Series and got all the way past Cleveland in that series.  But the first one in '91 was so special, also.  In closing, I want to salute Hall of Fame president Jeff Idelson, one of the nicest men around in baseball, and his entire staff here in Cooperstown, and also our host at historic Otesaga Hotel.  It belongs in a Hall of Fame all by itself.  And last but certainly not least, my wonderful w ife , and our children for their unwavering support, even though I spent half the year on the road and the other half at the ballpark, virtually between Valentine's day and to the end of the World Series.  I would like to introduce my wife , and my two sons, Randy and Bobby, Jr., and my beautiful daughters, Debbie, Connie, Shelly and Skyla, and Keisha and Kami who are watching at home.  I love you all and thanks for holding down the for t together, guys.  In my wildest dreams did I ever think this could happe n, but I'm sure glad it did.  Thank you.visit our archives at asapsports.com

FRANK THOMAS:  Give me a second (cheering).  Thank you, Mr.  Commissioner, Ms.  Jane Forbes Clark.  Today I wo uld like to thank the National Baseball Hall of Fame and the baseball writers for selecting me as a first ballot selection in this 2014 Hall of Fame class.  I'm so humbled and honored to be a part of this historic ballot class of first ballot Hall of Famer s. To share the stage in front of all the legendary men who made the game better for us all I'm speechless.  I want to personally thank you all for being great role models and making this great game what it is today. H ard work, dedication and commit ment. N o short cuts to success thanks for having me in your Club.  I would like to thank my parents Charlie Mae Thomas and the late Frank Thomas, Sr., for giving me the love and support that keep me involved in team sports in a lovely town Columbus, Georgia.  I would also like to thank my parents for working so hard to instill core values to make the best of life. We didn't have much but my parents worked tireless for me and my four siblings.  Frank Sr., I know you're watching and smiling from heaven. Without you , I know 100 percent I wouldn't be here in Cooperstown today.  Thanks for pushing me and always preaching to me:  You can be someone special if you really work at. I took that to heart, Pops. Look at us today. We're a long way from Columbus, Georgia.  Mom, thanks for hanging in there and believing in the same vision.  I know it wasn't easy, but I thank you for the motherly love and support.  Raising all of us was tough, but you and Dad made sure we made it. You guys made it look easy for us. I thank you and I love you, Mom.  I would now like to thank my beautiful wife, Megan, and my five wonderful children:  Sterling, Sloan, Sydney, Frankie and Ashleigh Kate for making life so unforgettable for me. I know all five of you are different, and all five of you c omplete me day by day.  That's what makes me feel so blessed.  You guys are my everything.  There are no words to describe how much I love you guys.  I especially want to say thanks, Megan, for coming into my life 15 years ago.  When we met life was throwin g me a curveball at the time, one I could not hit.  But meeting you really put pep in my step and made me believe in love again.  I thank you for teaching me the value of family first. You took my three older kids immediately as your own and changed my wor ld forever. I know this wasn't easy but you proved your love for me from day one. I'm so blessed to be married to such a wonderful person. You complete me; I love you baby.  I would like to thank my siblings for all the love and support.  My older sister, Gloria, Mary, Sharon and Michael. I can't name all my extended family and friends, I know you here today and I love you guys, but thank you for coming.  My older brother, Michael, thanks for being my best friend and for always having my back.  Mike World, I can tell you everything and you always have advice for me some good some and some bad, but thanks for being honest.  I love you, Bro.  In life, you have infrastructure.  I would like to thank my team who has kept me grounded and in touch with reality fr om day one.  First, the late Robert Fraley.  I know you're not here, my friend, but thanks for watching my career and giving me professional guidance you gave me.  It's priceless.  July 27, 2014visit our archives at asapsports.com 2 Robert, you once said to me, "Life is not fair.  You have to work hard and earn your respect."  You were so right.  I thank you for being honest with me.  I know you're somewhere in heaven directing traffic because that's what true leaders do.  I would like to thank Frank Bumstead.  I thank you for becoming my father figure in my life after I lost my father.  Robert Fraley introduced us, and without you, I have no clue where I would be today.  I love you, man.  Taryn Anderson, thank you for dealing with me on a daily basis, keeping me straight.  I appreciate everything you do, because I know it's not easy.  Thank you.  And Lisa Rybicki, I thank you for managing my life for 16 long years.  Without you, my career could have fell off a long time ago.  I thank you for keeping everyone in check.  You did a wonderful job.  Thank you, Lisa.  Also like to thank Arn Tellum and Joel Wolf for picking up the pieces later in my career and guiding me to new beginnings in Oakland and Toronto.  I thank you guys.  Now, I would like to thank the Chicago White Sox organization for drafting me in to professional baseball.  Special thanks to Jerry Reinsdorf, Eddie Einhorn, Larry Himes, Al Goldis and Mike Rizzo for taking a chance on a kid from a small town with many big dreams.  Jerry, thanks for a long and wonderful ride in that Chicago White Sox uniform.  You did a lot for me and you still mean a lot to me.  Thank you, my friend.  Also I would like to thank all my general managers and managers along the way in Chicago:  Ron Schuler, Danny Evans, Jeff Torborg, Gene Lamont, Terry Bevington, Kenny W illiams, Jerry Manuel and Ozzie Guillen.  Jerry Manuel, and a special thanks to Ozzie Guillen, 11 years as a teammate, three years as a manager, and I can thank you for getting me my only ring, because we had that special bond for many years.  I thank you, Ozzie, thank you very much.  Special thanks goes out to Ken Hawk Harrelson.  Hawk thanks for penning me the Big Hurt.  Your nickname for me really changed my life forever.  Also like to thank you for being a friend and a source of guidance all those yea rs on the plane through the ups and downs, through the good and bad times, it was priceless picking your brain, thank you, Hawk.  I would like to thank the Oakland A's and Toronto Blue Jays for believing in me as a free agent and signing me into their org anizations.  Lou Wolf, Billy Beane, Dave Forrest, thanks for taking a chance on me, twice.  That 2000 season was magical.  Without it, I doubt I would be speaking here today.  JP Richardi, Alex Anthopoulos, I thank you and the wonderful Toronto organizati on for bringing me to Toronto.  Hitting No.  500 in that Blue Jay uniform was a dream.  Thank you for taking a chance on a 39 - year - old, I really appreciate that.  In my career, I had so many magical moments in all three organizations.  I will always be tha nkful for all of you.  I would like to thank all the coaches who really made me tick and put in many hours of hard work with me.  You know I couldn't forget you guys.  Bobby Howard, I know you're here somewhere, it started with you.  You made me grow up i n a hurry.  Your no - nonsense approach to the game was needed at an early age.  Winning as the only option.  You preached that and you made me work for it.  Playing for you set my foundation for life.  Love you and I thank you.  I would like to thank Pat D ye, Jay Jacobs, Hal Baird I became a man and you guys pushed me to new heights and instilled toughness and a will to win that I really never knew existed.  Coach Barrett, thanks for treating me like a pro before my time.  I thank you, my friend.  I know I couldn't make it here today, but I thank you?  Coach Dye, it's the same.  I know you couldn't make it either, but I really thank you for letting me play both sports.  The decision changed many I life.  I thank you for letting me follow my dreams.  Your pa ssion for what's right led me to my current package in baseball.  I thank you Coach Dye and Coach Dye War Damn Eagle.  And this is a tough one.  I have a special love for this man, Walt Hriniak, my favorite hitting coach of all time.  I thank you for being honest from day one.  You taught me to only want to be the best.  You would always say to me, "Any one could be good, Frank.  But the special ones want to be great."  Our work sessions were very consistent every day.  It didn't matter if we were 10 - for - 10 or 0 - for - 10.  It was the same process every day, no free lesson.  Consistency and dedication was what made you tick, and I'm so grateful for your tutelage.  Having you first in the big leagues made it difficult for me when you left.  Preparation forvisit our archives at asapsports.com 3 game s wasn't the same any more, but I can always remember you saying, "Keep your f'ing head down and finish, Frank." Thanks, Walter.  Without you, I know I wouldn't be here in Cooperstown here today.  Thanks to my other coaches who put in time with me.  So rry I can't ramble all day.  I've been told by -- the rookie has to hurry you have.  Doug Mansolino, Mike Gellinger, Ron Jackson, Greg Walker, Gary Ward, Tom Pac oriek, Gerald Perry, Ron Washington, Mickey Bradley, Wallace Johnson, Dave LaR oche, Joe Nossek , Cave Man Art Kushner, Mark Salas, Tommy Thompson, the late Kev in Hickey, Chet Demedio, Steve Ro gers, Walt Pasternak, Allen Thomas, Clarence Cockrell, Donovan Santas and a special thanks to my friend and coach, Jim Fannin g , I know you're here somewhere, J im.  You told me to live in the zone, on and off the field, and even today, I thank you, Buddy.  Heartfelt thanks to all my trainers.  Thanks for all the hard work getting me to the post every day. Herm Schneider, I thank you for all the overtime you put in with me, 16 years of TLC.  You gave me the best professional care year - in and year - out.  I'm so appreciative of you.  Mark Anderson, Brian Ball, Larry Davis, Steve Soupy Sales, Walt Horn, George Poulis, Dave Abraham, Scott Takoe, Amy George and Tim Sod er, I thank all of you for your help along the way.  Just like to say special thanks to my clubhouse managers, I know they never get any love.  Clubhouse managers, pr managers, traveling secretaries; Chicken Willie Thompson, Vinnie Fresso, Gabe Morrell, St eve Vuchinich, Je ff Ross, Scott Reifert, Jay Ste nhous e, Glen Rosenbaum, Mickey Morab i t o, Mike Shaw, I thank you all for taking care of me.  You're all great at what you do.  Thanks for all the love.  I want to have a special thanks to all my doctors, I co uldn't include all of you today, but a few of you, I'd like to say, thanks again, James Boscardin, Dr. Price, Lowell Wyle, Sr.  Dr. Elliot Schwartz, I know Elliot is here.  Thank you for what you did for me in Oakland, you're a friend and buddy.  But I ha ve to say one special thank you to Dr. Richard Ferkel.  Yes, Dr.  Ferkel is here.  You repaired my navicular fracture when everyone said I was done.  I was sitting at 452 home runs and you looked at me and said, "I'm going to get you back on the field." You never doubted putting me back there and you helped me finish my career.  Getting to Cooperstown, I never thought it would happen.  I thank you, you mean so much to me and you mean more to me now as a friend.  Thank you, Dr.  Ferkel.  Getting here was a reflection of my teammates.  You can't win any game without teammates, and I had the best of them.  Over 850 of them in my time.  Getting here as a series of reflections of their talents.  I don't have all day here -- I'm an emotional guy because I wear my heart on my sleeve so I'm going to give my guys a verbal montage.  Please bear with me: 1 - Dog, Rock, Grebeck, RV, Ozzie, Joey, Pudge, Karko, Lyons, Bo, Ellis, Black Jack, The Deacon, Sugar Ray, Alex, Wilson, Bere, Roberto, Thiggy, James Baldwin, Billy Bob, Bueh rle, HotRod, Devo, Magglio, Carlos, Row, JD, Sax, Radinski, Ivan, Paco, Phil, Paulie, Crede, Uribe, Herbert, C.Johnson, Sandy, T. Phillips, Harold, Deleon, Melido, Howry, Foulke, M. Jackson, Flash, Kenny, Sandy, AJ, Robbie, McElroy, Merullo, Span ky, Julio, WillieChill, Singleton, Mouton, Davey, El Duque, Takatsu, Fordyce, Leifer, G. Bell, C.Everett, D.J., Pasqa, J. Hall, Parque, McCaskill, Belcher, Leach, Assenmacher, D. Paul, Huff, Valentine, Abbot, Dibble, Rags, Cammy Cam, Kruk, Sabo, Sirotka, M agra ne, Freeman, Darwin, Kreuter, Slugo, Norton, Snopek, DLew, Tartabull, Royce, Eyre, Navarro, Pena, A.Bell,  Bradford, Castillo, M.Johnson, Sierra, Garland, Lowe, Kip, Eldred, Ginter, Graffinino, Marte, Rousch, Olivo, Bartolo, Cotts, Glover, Loaiza, S c ho en ewei s, Contreras, Freddie, Polite, Timo, Jenks, League, Iguchi, BA,Borchard, Podsednik, Blanton, Kiko, Duke, Gaudin, Harden, Haren, Kotsay, the late Joe Kennedy, Sarloos, Houston, Zito, Kendall, Melhouse, Swisher, Chavy, Crosby, Ellis, DJ Scutaro, Milton , Kielty, J. Payton, Doc Halliday, Accardo, AJ,Downsy, Frazier, Rios, Casey, League, McGowan, Marcum, BJ, Towers, A Hill, Vernon, Johnny Mac, Lindo, Reed, Raja and Big Red.  You guys make the Big Hurt who he was in the greatest sport town in America.  I kn ow I'm biased, but I thoroughly enjoyed every moment playing for you all.  I thank you from the bottom of my heart.  Oakland and Toronto, I thank you for great fan bases, also making me feel at home.  It was short lived but I appreciate the love from both of you great cities.  To all you kids out there, just remember one thing from today.  There's no shortcuts to success.  Hard work, dedication, commitment, stayvisit our archives at asapsports.com 4 true to who you are.  God bless you all, and I thank you.visit our archives at asapsports.com 1

GREG MADDUX:  Thank you.  Let me say, first of all, how grateful I am to be here.  I would like to thank the Hall of Fame voters.  It's obviously the biggest honor you can give to a ballplayer.  To put me here in Cooperstown with all of my childhood heroes , it's sort of hard to believe I'm standing here today.  I never gave a thought to the Hall of Fame as I wa s going through my career.  My goal as a baseball player was very simple:  All I wanted to do was try to get better for my next start.  And to think it all ended up here, it's pretty cool.  To have the long career I did, I never really considered it work because it was so much fun.  The guys I played with and against, the coaches, managers, even the umpires, were always great to be around.  Those of us who play this great game and make a living at it are all extremely lucky.  I would not be standing here today if it weren't for all the positive people I've had in my life.  When I was six years old, my dad, Dave, was my first coach.  He taught me to enjoy the game.  He would hit my brother and I countless ground balls every day after work and we had fun do ing it.  My brother, Mike, led by example.  Everything I was about to do on and off the field, he had already done.  I was very fortunate to have a brother that I could learn from.  He even taught me a little bit about science.  It has to do with a little methane and a lighter, and I still get a huge kick out of it today.  (Laughter.)  That's funny, huh.  Okay.  My mother, Linda, who is here today, was the perfect mom.  She drove us to practice after every game and made sure we were never late.  I love he r and she is my biggest fan.  As I entered my sophomore year in high school, I was lucky enough to have Ralph Medar as my first true pitching coach.  He taught me my basic pitching fundamentals:  Movement, location, the ability to change speeds and veloci ty, in that order.  He said, "You throw hard enough, but as you face better hitters, you're going to need more than just velocity to get hitters out.  Movement and location will last longer than hard and straight." At first, just like any other kid, al l I wanted to do was throw hard but as I matured, I realized how right he was.  Rodger Fairless, my coach at Valley High School, taught me the work habits that I used my whole playing career.  At age 17, Keith Kleven taught me how to take care of my arms, legs and core.  I didn't know the impact Keith would have on my career until some 5,000 innings later with no arm problems.  I thank him very much for keeping my body healthy through my entire career, and I consider him the best in his field.  I'd like t o thank my scout, Doug Mapson, who took a chance and signed me to my first contract.  In the Minor Leagues, there were three coaches that helped me along the way.  First it was Rick Kranitz, who helped me with my changeup.  Jim Wright helped me locate my fastball to both sides of the plate and Dick Pole, who taught me my delivery and started teaching me the basics on pitch selection.  After arriving in Chicago, I married my high school sweetheart, Kathy.  She took care of everything off the field, which a llowed me to put all my focus on baseball.  I'm lucky to be married to her, and I love her more today than when I first married her.  My first day in the big leagues, the starting pitchers were Nolan Ryan and Jamie Moyer.  July 27, 2014visit our archives at asapsports.com 2 Twenty minutes before the game, I was sitting on the be nch, and my first manager, Gene , thought I was the bat boy.  The nickname stuck for a few years but faded over time.  Billy Connors asked me a question one day.  He asked, "Do you ever wonder how good you can be?"  Of course I said no.  And he said, "Why don't you go out there and try to find out." I've been trying to find the answer to that question every day since.  Don Zimmer made me realize there was a difference between winning and pitching just good enough to lose.  After many failures in baseball, I met Harvey Dorfman.  He taught me to focus on only the things I can control.  Those lessons spilled over to my personal life, as well.  I consider him to be one of the best coaches I've ever had.  With the Cubs, I had the oppo rtunity to play with Andre Dawson, Rick Sutcliffe, Ryne Sandberg and two fine catchers, Damon Berryhill and Joe Girardi.  The City of Chicago and the Cub fans were awesome, maybe the best in baseball.  I was glad to be part of a Division Championship in  ' 89, although we didn't get to the World Series that year, playing all the home games at Wrigley Field were really special.  With the help of Scott Boras, I moved on to Atlanta.  I picked Atlanta because I finally wanted to get a World Series ring and star t a family (Laughter).  All right, sorry, Chicago, but yeah.  My wife, Kathy, really stepped her game up then as we started our family.  Our daughter, Paige, and my son Chase, as I was on the road at the park all day, my mind was at ease knowing things we re okay at home.  I don't know how she was able to balance the kids going to schools in both Atlanta and Las Vegas, but she did an amazing job with that.  After many near misses, we finally got our ring in '95, which was great to share with our coaches, t eammates and the City of Atlanta.  Bobby Cox, who I'm honored to be with on the dais today, led us to the promised land.  Bobby taught us how to play winning baseball and enjoy our time away from the park.  Thank goodness Dave Justice hit that homer when h e did and Glav threw one more clutch game.  No one wanted to win more than our pitching coach , Leo Mazzone.  He stressed that you needed to pitch for 200 innings and everything will take care of itself from there.  The next seven years were spent winning d ivision titles, watching the kids grow up, watching John Smoltz's hair line recede.  (Laughter.) Smotlzy remains one of my all - time best teammates and he hope he joins me and Glav in Cooperstown shortly.  Javy Lopez, Eddie Perez, Charlie O'Brien, Paul Bak o were my catchers in Atlanta and we used to get a nice chuckle when they would get hit in the face by foul tips.  I would like to thank my doctor, Joe Chandler, for making it easier for me to start every five days.  I love Chicago so much.  The first ti me I played there, that I was very grateful that Gary Hughes and Jim Hendry brought me back over to Chicago.  That would give me a second chance to win there, and maybe retire where it all started, but I wouldn't be a Cub if I couldn't handle a little hear tache and we missed the post - season by one game my first year back.  I was thankful I got a chance to play for Dusty Baker and work with Larry Rothschild.  I enjoyed throwing most of my games to Henry Blanco and Michael Barrett, and again, it was even fun nier when they would get hit in the face.  At the end, I spent time with the Dodgers and the Padres and was treated great in both places.  I love the California weather and being closer to Vegas.  I enjoyed playing for both Joe Torre and Buddy Black, two great managers, and I learned more about throwing a changeup a better way from Darren Balsley.  That was 24 years after first learning from Rick Kranitz.  Just goes to show that you no matter how old you are, you're still looking to get better.  People as k me why I have no Hall of Fame plaque, no logo, or why my Hall of Fame plaque has no logo.  I spent 12 years in Chicago, 11 in Atlanta and both places are very special to me.  Without experiences in both cities, I would not be standing here today.  On be half of my family and all those I've mentioned, thank you for this incredible honor.

JOE TORRE:  Thank you so much.  Johnny bench told me I have two minutes.  Mark these words:  Greg Maddux has n o pulse.  The man has no pulse.  Look how excited he is (Laughter).  I can't tell you how proud I am, when we got the call, or when I got the call, on December 9TH, and again, Jane, I'm sorry I hung up on you (Laughter.) And then Jane Clark called back an d told me I was elected unanimously to the Hall of Fame.  And I said, "Who else"?  And she wouldn't tell me.  So we got dressed quickly, my wife, Ali and I, and we went down stairs.  I walked into the room with the Expansion Era Committee and I see Bobby Cox.  I said, "Good." And then I hear the door open behind me, and it's Tony La Russa, and it was just perfect.  You know, our careers just mirrored each other's, and I think it would have been an injustice if we didn't enjoy this together.  Tommy, G reg and Frank, I don't know what I can tell you.  Pretty special.  Amazing.  You admire, even though you manage and you face players and you face pitchers, that even though you don't want them to do well, you admire the way they do it.  And to me, that's d oing things the right way.  Eric, Roger and Joe Garagiola, congratulations on your honors.  I want to thank everyone connected with the Hall of Fame, Jane, Jeff, Brad, Whitney.  It's been a marvelous weekend -- nerve - wracking.  You know, managing was noth ing like this.  And a lot of these guys back there kept me out of the Hall of Fame as a player.  I can tell you that.  (Laughter.) Try hitting against those guys.  You know, I'm here, might as well cut to the Chase.  I'm here because of the New York Yankee s.  However, in order, as Tommy said, to be ready, you had to make stops along the way.  You had to fail along the way.  Played with the Braves.  What an education playing with Hank Aaron for eight years.  Still gives me goosebumps.  And going over to the Cardinals and becoming teammates with Gibson, Brock, Carlton, Tim McCarver, and playing for a manager who probably made the biggest impact on what I did as a manager, Red Schoendienst.  But there was a man who probably educated me more in the nuances of baseball, every aspect of the game, and his name was George Kissell.  George was a father figure to me when I was a player, and then when I went back as a manager some years later, I treasured every spring training game because he would sit next to me, and the last thing he would say, "Look out there and count to nine."  And you count the nine positions, just to make sure everybody was playing where you expected them to play.  Going over to the Mets, got a chance to play with Hall of Famer Tom Seaver.  Wha t a man.  I was with the Mets a couple of years before I became manager, and then once I became manager on May 31, 1977, my first bit of duty was to trade Tom Seaver two weeks later, which wasn't a whole lot of fun.  And the last time he pitched for me, I don't know if you remember, Tommy, he pitched in Houston, and when I went out to take him out of the game, he padded me on the rear end.  I did have one accomplishment when I was with the Mets as a player.  And again, you can't go through life alone; cert ainly in baseball you need all the help you can get.  Well, on July 21, I hit into four double plays in one game, and I just want to make sure I share the credit, because I could not have done it unless Felix Millan had hit four singles right in front of me (Laughter.).  In 1977, I became manager.  I want to thank the New York Mets for at age 36 trusting me with their club, and Donald Grant, chairman of the board, it was a great opportunity for me.  You talk about learning.  We had to make some trades a couple of weeks after I took the job, and there was a lot of learning, young players, but great experience, great experience.  The one thing you learn as a player, you know, you can see all the authorities who tell you who is supposed to win and who isn't supposed to win.  If you become a manager, you're doing yourself an injustice, unless you make yourself believe that the team on the field is the best one you're going to see.  That's the way.  That's the only way you're going to be able to communicate wi th players.  From the Mets, went to the Braves.  Enjoyed my first post - season in 1982 working for Ted Turner and a man named Bill Bartholomay who still remains a dear friend.  I remember asking Ted, as my wife, Ali and I were just getting to know each ot her and starting a courtship, I guess you can say in the old days, and I asked Ted about, give me an advance on my salary so I could buy a house.  Told me to rent.  (Laughter).  So after three years, it was obviously no surprise that I was gone from there , too.  Had a great experience working for Gene Autry with the California Angels at the time.  Worked there six years as a broadcaster.  That's where I got to meet Tony and got to admire things that other managers did, Sparky Anderson and Tony.  Again, you learn every step of the way.  Then a guy named Dal Maxvill got me back in the game.  He was the general manager of the St.  Louis Cardinals.  Whitey was stepping down, and he wanted to get a manager, and I had the opportunity.  I was with the Cardinals a lmost five years, and I got fired for the third time.  And the interesting part, after I got fired from the Braves, I was very depressed, because I had been fired by the Mets and I had been fired by the Braves.  My wife, Ali, said to me, "How do you want to be remembered?  What are your thoughts on this?" I said, "Someone who never realized their goal."    I was feeling sorry for myself obviously.  All of a sudden she slapped me into reality by saying, what, are you dead?  Then the opportunity came afte r the Cardinals -- and I want to tell you kids, I got fired three times.  That's in the category of failure.  The only way you're going to learn, the only way you're going to get better is to experience setbacks and just get yourself up, dust yourself off and move on.  Learn from it.  Learn from it.  Got a call from Gene Michael, Stick Michael, stepping down as general manager of the New York Yankees, and he was interviewing me to become general manager.  Offered me the job.  Ali was pregnant with our daug hter, Andrea, and I said, "Is there vacation time?" And they said, "No, not working for George." So I said, "Thank you, but maybe next time." Then I get a call from a dear friend, Arthur Richmond, about a month or so later, to say, "Do you want to go on the short list for managers that's going to replace Buck Showalter?" I said, "You bet." And then the call came from George Steinbrenner that says, "You're my man." Well, I know George's history, and I know my brother, Frank, said, "You're cra zy."  But I knew if I was ever going to find out if I was going to do this stuff, this was going to be my best opportunity.  A general manager hired the same year, Bob Watson, who is here with us today, worked with Bob for a couple of years, and then Brian Cashman, who is here also, today.  As I say, it's a team effort all the way through?  And the interesting part in managing the Yankee that is never really came to mind, but when I was a teenager and my brother, Frank, was in the World Series in '57 and '5 8 against the Yankees, Braves winning in '57 and the Yankees winning in '58, little did I know the next two times these teams would meet in the World Series, I would be managing the Yankees.  And I just have to relive some of the thrills, if you don't min d bearing with me here.  1996, Bobby's Braves had us two games to none.  David Cone, may have been the best decision I made in my managerial life, picking David Cone, who has ice water in his veins as Game 3 starter.  He went out there and stopped the blee ding.  We won the game.visit our archives at asapsports.c om 3 Then m there was Game 4, that three - run homer.  And then a huge walk by Wade Boggs and John Wetteland closed the door.  Game 5, Andy Pettitte who got roughed up in his first game, who I didn't know until later on when I decided t o have him hit for himself in the top of the ninth, Andy's wife, Laura, was sitting next to my wife, saying, "What's he doing?" (Laughter.) We win the Game 1 - 0, and Paul O'Neill, who I almost didn't start that game, was playing on one leg just about, and makes a running catch in the gap in right center field.  Wetteland closed that one, too.  And then Game 6, of course Game 6 was interesting, because my brother, Frank, which has been well publicized, he was waiting for a heart transplant, and I get a call at 5:00 in the morning that they found a heart for him.  So on the off - day between games five and six, he had his heart transplant.  It was quite an emotional roller coaster ride for us.  Well, Game 6, it was Jimmie key against Greg Maddux.  Girardi's tr iple against his former teammate; Wetteland sealing the deal for MVP in the World Series.  There was my World Series.  Ali said, "Let's go, let's go get that flower farm in Hawai'i." I said, "Let's see if we can do it again." 1998, Tino's Grand Slam s et the tone, Game 1.  Scott Brosius hit key home runs, one MVP.  1999, and the reason I'm going down and mentioning names is, you know, players have ability, but what gets you over the top is the character of those players.  1999, Paul O'Neill playing rig ht field for me on the day that his dad passed away in Game 4.  The 2000 World Series against the Mets.  Paul O'Neill walking in the ninth inning, the at - bat seemed like it took 20 minutes.  We were down by a run.  Tied the game in the ninth, and the 12th inning, Vizcai no, a huge base hit.  Mo gave us two innings, by the way.  Game 4, Jeter leads off, first pitch, hits a home run.  Cone comes out of the bullpen to get Mike Piazza, who had hit a two - run home run earlier in the game.  Mo went two; what's ne w.  Then in Game 5, Bernie and Jeter both hit homers.  And while I've got Bernie on my tongue here, I've got to tell you a story.  Bernie Williams was a special player.  He didn't know he was a leader.  He didn't know that people looked to him.  Well, on e day in spring training, he's got this impacted wisdom tooth that needed to come out.  So he comes into my office and tells me, have a dentist appointment; okay.  Why don't you lay on the couch, and when they come to take you to the dentist appointment, then you go, but why don't you lay down.  Stays there for a while.  I come out on the field, come back in and he's still there and now he's going to get his ride to the dentist office and he's leaving.  And I try to lighten the mood, because he was in a l ittle pain.  And I said, "Bernie, you've got to be careful.  People see you laying on my couch and hanging around, they are going to think you're my favorite." And he says, "They already know that." (Laughter.) Luis Sojo show with the big base hit that wins the World Series for us.  And then it was 9/11.  9/11, it was unbelievable.  I think obviously we were knocked on our heels and it was such an emotional time for us, for everybody.  But when that happened, baseball was the last thing we were thi nking about.  It was our loved ones.  And we, you know, did our part.  The Mets did their part, but we just felt there was so much motivation for us when we opened and played again after 9/11.  I remember telling our players that the NY on our hat represen ts more than the Yankees.  It was just an emotional ride.  Oakland, we lose the first two games.  Lose the first two games to Oakland at home in a best - of - five.  And I don't know if anybody remembers this game, but Mike Mussina pitched Game 3 and was pitc hing a 1 - 0 shutout.  Ball down the right field line, Giambi on first, Jeremy Giambi trying to score with two out, Spencer over throws both cutoff men, and who is there but Derek Jeter to flip the ball to Posada for the tag at the plate.  And yes, we do pra ctice that play.  There are people today who don't believe that.  And that World Series, we got beat twice, first two games.  Game 3 we come back, and win Game 3 in the World Series.  Games 4 and 5, it was like you were watching Groundhog Day, ninth inni ng, we're down by two.  Tino hits a two - hundred homer, tie it up.  Jeter hits a home run the first day of November to win that World Series game.  Next night, it's Brosius, two - run hoper, down two in the ninth to tie it up.  They can they can Soriano gets a base hit, Knoblauch scores.  Then the last World Series, which is looked doubtful we were going to get there.  2003, we were losing by I think it was four runs to thevisit our archives at asapsports.c om 4 Boston Red Sox and Pedro, and I remember Mel Stottlemyre comes in before the game and he says, "We've got Mussina, but I told him he'd start an inning." I said, "Okay."  Well, Clemens was getting beat up a little bit and I told him to get up to warm up, and I bring him in with the bases loaded and nobody out.  Gets a pop up and a doubl e play, and pitches three innings for us, a real gem and we go on and win with Aaron Boone's home run; and, oh, yeah, Mariano Rivera pitched three innings.  I tell you, I've always been a Sinatra fan, but after 12 years of Mariano Rivera, Metallica sounds pretty good to me.  It's been a wonderful ride.  We have had great players but great people.  Hideki Matsui comes on board.  He's hit 50 home runs a year every year in Japan.  First thing Zimmer asks me, "Ask him if he can hit - and - run." So through an interpreter I did that and he says, "Any time you want."    That's the unselfishness that we've had.  And by the way, keep a couple of seats warm for a couple of these guys coming in here in the next few years.  Yogi Berra.  Yogi Berra told me when we won our first pennant, and I was going to be in my first World Series, he says, "Hey, Kid," he says, "When you get introduced and go to that first baseline, it's going to be unlike any other feeling you've ever had."    He was right.  It was pretty amazing.  And again, as Tony was talking about coaches, you can't do this alone.  You need people who are really dedicated and I had a great bunch.  In fact, three of them are here today:  Willy Randolph, Jose Cardenal and Lee Mazzilli.  Thank you for being here gu ys.  The two that couldn't make it, Mel Stottlemyre, who is watching, I know, in Washington State, I didn't know Mel very well but I admired what he did, especially in his years with the Mets, and did a magnificent job.  And then Don Zimmer.  Don Zimmer, you know, aside from costing me a lot of money by introducing me to horse racing, eight years sitting next to me, he made me the manager that I turned into.  He had more guts than I did, and sort of got me off the conservative platform.  And I know he's w atching us from a racetrack in the sky somewhere, and I know his spirit is in my heart.  And again, I'm here because of the fans, the fans, unbelievable.  And I've been around, all through the country, the fans have been great to me.  But the fans in New York, I want to tell you, you have turned New York City into a small town for me.  Thank you very much.  Love you, too.  I want to thank baseball for the platform so that Ali and I could start our Safe at Home Foundation to help young students who have be en affected by abuse.  It's funny when you have been around the game and people recognize your name, they return your phone calls, so it's nice.  And again, to Commissioner Bud Selig for allowing me to stay connected with this great game, thanks, Bud.  M y family, my wife, Ali, and I guess I could say I love you, but I think something that would tell her more than that was that my mom would have loved you.  She was the rock, she is the rock; she's the backbone.  Even though she still wants to have that flo wer farm, she's been patient with me.  Thank you, Baseball.  My children, Michael, my daughter, Christina, couldn't be with us today, Lauren, and Andrea, love you all.  And I have to remember my mom, whether it was coming home from school for coming home after a season of baseball, she was there with open arms with all the love I needed.  And then my brother, Rocco, who was watching our doubleheader in Cleveland in '96 when he passed away.  And my father - in - law, Big Ed that welcomed me into this big clan I'll be telling you about in a second.  Big Ed, you're all watching from the best seat in the house, I know that?  My brother, Frank, who was my role model.  It was tough love for a long time, it really was.  But he was the happiest person in the world wh en I got that World Series ring.  He wasn't able to make it here today but I know he's watching from Palm Beach Gardens.  My mother - in - law, Lucille, thank you for being here, she's sitting over in the shaded area with my two sisters, Ray and sister Margue rite, great support, great support.  Even though my sisters just thought that we should bunt more.  And my grandchildren, Reed, Kendra, Dylan, Talisa, thank you, guys, for being here.  And then, of course, the contingent from Cincinnati, let's hear you, t hey are all over the joint.  My wife, Ali, has 15 siblings and they all said yes and they brought their families.  I can't tell you how much love I feel for these people and I feel from these people, but probably the toughest thing they had to do was put down that Cincinnati Red jersey and root for me, but they were great.  Love you, thanks for making the trip here, guys.visit our archives at asapsports.c om 5 Closing thoughts, if you give me a moment.  Today is a celebration of chasing your dreams and putting the team above yourself, as my p layers did.  Tony Gwynn, I was at Tony's memorial and I watched him up on the screen, and he just said something that didn't surprise me coming from him.  He said, "All I ever tried to do was play the game the right way."    No better message for our youn gsters than that.  There is a power to both patience and persistence.  Baseball is a game of life.  It's not perfect, but it feels like it is.  That's the magic of it.  We are responsible for giving it the respect it deserves.  Our sport is part of the Am erican soul, and it's ours to borrow.  Just for a while.  To take care of it for a time and then pass it on to the next generation; when I say us, I mean as managers, as players.  If all of us who love baseball are doing our jobs, then those who get the ga me from us will be as proud to be a part of it as we were, and we are.  This game is a gift, and I am humbled, very humbled, to accept its greatest honor.  Thank you very much.

TOM GLAVINE:  My first order of miss that everybody told me when you get up here, just take a deep breath.  So, okay, I'm good.  What an honor and privilege it is to be here as an inductee to the Baseball Hall of Fame.  I want to thank the baseball writers for voting for me.  I want to thank Jane Forbes Clark, Jeff Idelson, Brad Horn, Whitney Selover, and all th e folks at the Baseball Hall of Fame for making this an unbelievable experience for me and my family.  Little did I know as a kid, when I used to think it was a good idea, to stand on the front porch of my parents house and throw snowballs over the trees trying to hit the cars passing by, little did I know how far my left arm was going to take me at that time.  Needless to say, there was one passersby that was less than pleased with my accuracy.  He had a conversation with my mom, the until your dad gets home scenario played out, and after a good talking to, needless to say, my snowball throwing days were over.  We all figured I could come up with a better, more productive way to work on my accuracy, so.  I think that was probably the start of the painted square of the chimney outside my parents house.  I'm honored to go into the Baseball Hall of Fame with such a great group of men:  Frank Thomas, Joe Torre, Tony La Russa, and of course my long - time teammate and manager, Greg Maddux and Bobby Cox.  All of you guys represent what is great about the game of baseball.  With your competitiveness, it's no surprise you are all here today.  Congratulation s to all of you guys.  I'm humbled to be part of this c lass with you.  I'd like to take an extra minute to thank Greg and Bobby.  It's hard to imagine as I've said over and over that a day like this could get any better.  But for me, it does.  To have the opportunity to go into the Hall of Fame with these two guys , two guys that had such a prof ound impact on me as a person and on my career, Bobby from the managerial side teaching me to respect the game, teaching me how to play the game the right way, how to go about my business and represent my organization.  And I can't tell you, I like old Smoltzie's wor d in that video, I can't tell you how good he was at pumping you up all the time.  I can't tell you how many times I would pitch a bad game and read the newspaper the next day and read Bobb y's comments, and I would think , what game were you watching, and h ow did I not win.  Bobby, thank you so much for all your guidance, appreciate everything you did for me.  Greg, as a teammate and as a friend, you made me better through our conversations.  You made me better by watching you pitch, and you made me wealth ier with all the money we took from Smoltzie on the golf course.  We all have choices to make in life, and in June of 1984, I was an 18 - year - old kid enjoying high school graduation and looking forward to going to college.  Within a span of a couple weeks , I had the good fortune of being drafted by the Los Angeles Kings in the NHL and the Atlanta Braves.  I had a difficult choice to make and as a left - handed pitcher, I thought that was the thing that would set me apart and make baseball the smartest decisio n.  Of course I always wonder what would have happened had I taken up hockey and in my mind, of course, since I was drafted ahead of two Hall of Famers, Luc Robitaille and Brett Hull, that obviously means I would have been a Hall of Famer in hockey, too ( Laughter).  July 27, 2014visit our archives at asapsports.com 2 But clearly, I'm positive I made the right choice, as sure as I'm standing here, and like I said, I'm honored to be here and be part of the Baseball Hall of Fame.  Seems hard to believe, it's been 30 years since I sat at my parents kitchen and signed my professional contract to go play for the Atlanta Braves.  Sitting with me there that day, Tony Demacio and Paul Snyder from the Braves saw something in me that compelled them to convince the Braves to take a chance on me.  I doubt they projected me as a future Hall of Famer but nonetheless they saw enough to give me a chance, and for that, Paul, Tony, thank you very much.  Perhaps part of what they saw was that the work ethic that was certainly prevalent in my house and in my hometown of Billeri ca, Massachusetts -- actually, I said that wrong.  It's Billerica, sorry.  I know there's a huge crowd here today from Billerica.  I want to thank you guys for not only being here today, but I want to thank you guys for your support throughout my career.  I know so many of you put your allegiance for our beloved Red Sox on hold during my career, but I promise you, your secret is safe with me, so thank you very much.  I was blessed to have a tremendous support team around me through my career, people that helped me to keep things in order and keep things in perspective.  My agent and good friend, Gregg Clifton, was so helpful with his advice and his representation over the years.  Gregg, thank you so much for all your help and for your friendship.  My good friend, Rose Cortina (ph) and Scott and Meryl, who helped me to be smart, frugally and financially, you were so helpful in taking my mind off things and help me concentrate on the game of baseball so thank you for that.  I'll piggyback on Greg's comments.  I had three dear friends over the years in Atlanta who helped keep me on the field.  Dr.  Joe Chandler, Joe, to this day, you have to the missed a spot when I needed a cortisone shot.  Dave Pursley and Jeff Porter, long - time trainers with the Braves, you spent countless hours taking care of me and so many other guys.  I honestly felt bad at times in certain years with the amount of time I would have to spend on the training room table to try to get ready for my next start, but you were always so patient a nd helpful and did everything you could to get me back out there and for that I appreciate it.  Same holds true, Mike Herbst, the trainer with the New York Mets when I was there.  Thank you for all your time and your efforts to keep me healthy and keep me on the field.  I had a couple goals in mind each time I put on the uniform.  The first was to represent the logo on the front.  That meant to play hard, play the game the right way and give it your all whenever you stepped on the field.  As the old sayin g goes, play hard because you never know who is watching you for the first time.  The second part was to not embarrass the name on the back.  I wanted to represent my parents to the best of my ability.  They worked hard to respect our community and I wante d to do everything I could to protect that.  I'm so proud whenever I hear somebody say to me, you must have had great parents.  When I hear that, I know I'm representing them well.  I do have great parents and they took me everywhere I needed to be for bo th hockey and baseball.  They never missed a practice or a game.  Oftentimes I hear my dad leaving before the dark in the morning, so he could get to work, get his work done and get home for my game later that day.  They were and they are a great team.  P eople always ask me where I got my qualities from.  My hard work ethic I got from my dad, and as much as my mom hates to hear it, mom, I'm sorry, I got my stubbornness from you.  I always marveled how they were able to get us kids where they needed to be.  I can honestly say as a kid I wanted to be a professional athlete.  Red Sox or Bruins , I didn't care.  I loved Bobby Orr, I love Yas, Pudge, Jim Rice.  But my role models were and always have been my parents, Fred and Millie.  They gave me the two best t hings you could ever ask for as a kid.  They gave me their time and their example.  Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, and I've always said that if I can be half the parents to my kids that my parents were to me, I would have been successful.  I 'm blessed to have had your support and example.  You have been the great influence in my life.  I know I made you proud as a baseball player, and I hope more importantly, hope I've made you even more proud as a son and father.  To say thank you would never be enough but thank you so much for your love and support.  Couldn't have done this without you guys.  I love you guys.visit our archives at asapsports.com 3 Thanks, also, to my sister, dad, and my brothers, Fred and Mike.  You guys have always been a great supporting cast.  When you play f or 20 years, there are a lot of ups and downs, and after all, I did lose 203 games in my career so there were a lot of downs.  You guys were always there for me whenever I needed it, even if it was as simple as a phone call.  I love you guys and thank you for your support.  I had the opportunity to play for two great organizations in my career, the Atlanta Braves and New York Mets.  I had so many fantastic coaches and teammates who helped me to get here, many of you who are here in attendance today and I t hank you for your help along the way for being here today.  In the interest of time I couldn't possibly thank everybody because if there's one thing I heard from th ese guys all weekend, it's been hurry up.  I had so many great teammates, some who will be on this stage, as Doggy mentioned, our good friend, Smoltzie better be here next year and there will be more to come.  I had teammates who made great plays for me, got big hits, helped to get big outs and guys that were great examples and guys that I lear ned a ton from through conversation.  I appreciate all of your help and I thank you for the role you played in helping me to get to this incredible honor.  My two long - time pitching coaches, Leo Mazzone, thank you so much.  When you first came to Atlanta with Bobby, and you told me were going to start throwing twice in between starts, I thought you were crazy because my arm already hurt at that time.  Wasn't really sure what throwing more was going to do, but boy, did that help.  You helped me to understan d my mechanics, you helped me become my own pitching coach, and that ultimately became my goal every game I went out on the mound was not to have Leo come out and visit me at any point in time.  Rick Peterson later in my career with the Mets, Rick, you he lped me to reinvent myself and make the changes I needed to make for the latter part of my career, and trust me, when you were doing something for 16, 17 years, it's not an easy thing to change.  But you talked me into it, you convinced me of it and you ga ve me confident to do it.  So Leo, thank you so much for your help, and Rick Peterson, thank you for your help.  To all the folks associated with the Mets organization, thank you for treating me and my family the way you did.  Thank you Fred and Jeff Wil pon for the opportunity to play in New York and for providing the resources so I could experience a post - season there.  To the fans of New York, thank you so much for your support and for ultimately treating me and my family with so much respect.  Playin g for Ted Turner was a treat and I say it was a treat, it was a treat.  Thank you, Ted, for providing the likes of John Schuerholz, Stan Kasten and Bobby Cox to lead our organization.  Thank you for providing the resources to get the players that enabled u s to have such an unbelievable run of success.  It was such a thrill and so much fun to be a part of putting Atlanta back on the map in the game of baseball.  Your support on and off the field meant so much to me and I know there's a ton of you here today and a ton of you back at Turner Field watching this in Atlanta, as well.  Thank you guys so much.  Atlanta has become my home.  I have so many great friends there now, many of whom are you here today and I'm truly grateful and honored for your support and friendship.  My best teammate and best friend of all, though, happens to be my wife, Chris.  In my case, the saying behind every good man is a great woman, is definitely true.  As a young player it's ease - to be selfish and only worry about yourself and b aseball.  Often my sister would call me before spring training if she needed something for a charity event or auction that was coming up during the baseball season and she said, "You know, if I don't call you and bug you now, once spring training carts, it 's going to be impossible," and she was right.  When you get to that point, it's all about you and it's all about baseball.  Once you have a wife and a family, all that changes.  It isn't about you anymore.  I learned balance early in my career.  I rememb er a hockey game as a kid that didn't go so well.  And in the car on the way home, my dad wanted to talk about the game.  Didn't want to criticize me but just wanted to have a conversation.  So after a short time of me being less than pleasant in the conv ersation because things didn't go so well, my dad told me something that I've never for got and, in fact, I've used on my kids today and they will attest to it.  He said:  You're going to go into that locker room with a smile on your face and you're going to come out with one, or I'm not taking you any more."visit our archives at asapsports.com 4 I tried really hard to leave the game at the field.  Chris was always great at recognizing when I needed a little space, when I needed some kind words, and certainly whenever I needed a kick in the bu tt.  When you have kids, that balance is really tested.  I can't tell you what a luxury it was to be able to leave for the ballpark totally freed up knowing that there was a wonderful mom and the home holding down the fort and getting everybody where they needed to be.  In reality, our wives are single moms a lot of time when you factor in travel and spring training.  To this day, I don't know how Chris was able to do everything with me not around, from school carpools to kids' sports teams, everything was always handled perfectly, and that made my job so much easier.  In addition, I'm so proud of her and what she's meant to our community in Atlanta.  She's helped to raise over $4 million for Cure Childhood Cancer, raising money for much needed research.  She truly is one person making a difference.  As I said, she's a great mom and I couldn't be more proud of the job she has done raising our children.  Jonathan, Amber, both in college now, can't believe it and doing very well.  Peyton, Mason, and of cours e our little guy, Keenan.  I realize the sacrifices all you guys have made.  I know it wasn't always easy.  There were a lot of sacrifices, a lot of missed things throughout the years, but you guys handled it like champs.  I'm so proud of you and I love yo u guys so much.  Chris, I've been blessed to have you as my wife.  You've been my best friend.  You've been my rock.  Thank you so much for all your love and support and for making my job so much easier.  And finally, people have asked me a lot since I g ot the phone call how I thought I would feel when induction day finally arrived.  My response has usually been, whatever I tell you won't scratch the surface of what I will feel on that say.  Safe to say I was right.  To say this day, this weekend was unbe lievable would definitely be true.  I don't think any of us up here ever thought we would become Hall of Famers on the day we were drafted.  I do believe that each of us worked hard to get the most out of our God - given talent and tried to be the very best that we thought we could be.  The fact that we are here is a testament to that hard work and perseverance.  Standing here today as a member of the Baseball Hall of Fame is the ultimate recognition of a career in baseball, a career that saw lots of ups an d downs, lots of sacrifices on and off the field, and more than a few times where I questioned what I was doing.  There are no more questions, only gratitude towards those who were so helpful along the way; my family, friends, coaches and teammates, and t hanks to God for giving me the talent and work ethic and more than a little bit of stubbornness to see it through.  I'm humbled to be a member of the National Baseball Hall of Fame.  I'm humbled to be here and thank you all for sharing this day with me.  Thank you very much.visit our archives at asapsports.com

TONY LA RUSSA:  Good afternoon.  I remember in December when the news came about the election, and the excit ement of joining Bobby and Joe, the meaning of that, and then in January, Tom, Greg and Frank, it's gotten better and better.  And I thought, you know, when it comes time to speak, I've got an important message to deliver about how I feel, and I think I ca n do it.  And then this afternoon, we're in the room waiting to come on the bus, and all of a sudden I started to feel differently.  Then you ride the bus out here, see the guys get on the bus and you're surrounded by the Hall of Famers and it starts to g et tougher.  Then you see the crowd when you arrive, and it is real tough.  But one thing for certain, all of that buildup for certain has created a total understanding and appreciation of what it means to be elected to the Hall of Fame.  It's uncomfortab le because I didn't make it as a player, not even close, and even my early days as a manager; there were some moments where this could never happen.  I remember Paul Richards introduced me to my first Minor League club in Knoxville to the Chamber of Comme rce, and after introducing our really good team, he said, well -- he told me if you're wondering about this boy that's going to manage this team, and you've heard that the worst player makes the best manager, this young player has a chance to be an outstan ding manager (Laughter.)  And I thought, you know, always hurts to hear the truth.  Then he watched me manage about four or five games and came up and I said, "What do you think, Paul?" And he says, "I think you may have been a better player than I thou ght you were." So not a player, not a manager.  It got better later, but I open by telling you how much I understand and pressure what this means.  But I want to add, since December, have not been comfortable with it.  And, in fact, I started to never even think it was realistic until we got to 2 , 000 wins and there was some conversation, and then winning in 2006, there was more talk about it.  But nothing's really changed about accepting this personally.  And I want to try to explain what I mean.  Fr om managing parts of two years in the Minor Leagues, after thinking about all the other young managers who pay a lot of dues in the Minor Leagues, and I get a chance after parts of two years; and then I go into the big leagues with three organizations, Chi cago White Sox, the Oakland A's and St.  Louis Cardinals, and truthfully can tell you, never had one day that the coaches, anybody on our staff and myself, felt that we didn't have total support from the people up top.  I don't know any other manager, espe cially one that's managed 30 - plus years, can get that kind of vote of confidence.  All I know, all that equates to me is, very, very fortunate, and the more I thought about it and think about it, I've never put my arms around the fact that being really luc ky is a Hall of Fame credential.  So now you think seriously about what you're going to say, and I know where I need to start.  As lucky as I've been, by far the luckiest are three ladies, one of whom is most responsible.  I got a chance to manage in Aug ust of '79, Elaine was pregnant with our first child, deliver in September.  And there was a question, look, we may not get another shot, so a month before delivery got the Chicago job.  Which means for 30 July 27, 2014visit our archives at asapsports.com 2 years in '82, Bianca was born in September of '79, Devon was born in '82.  So for 30 - plus years, I think it was Bobby who said, you know, you're gone half the time on the road.  When you're at home, you go to the ballpark at 12 o'clock or earlier, you come back at midnight.  Mentally you're not even home when you're home.  And somehow, my wife has made this work; and our two children, I'll tell you, at any time, any of the three could have said, it's enough of you and it's about us, and they allowed me to do it, going too early and staying too late.  So E laine, thank you.  You know, Paul Richards once said, "When you manage, you'll never have a completely happy day."  I didn't believe that.  I said, "How about you win the World Series?" "You'll never have a completely happy day."  And a couple things about today.  For one, because of all the animals at home and other commitments, Bianca and Devon are not here.  That does not make me happy.  The other one is that when you manage three places, a lot of great people, everybody should get recogniz ed and there's no way to mention everybody, and that bothers me.  But I'm going to do the best I can, because these organizations were so special.  I think about the Chicago White Sox, you saw the highlights, first time since 1959 that a baseball team in Chicago had won, a wonderful experience.  And with the White Sox, we all this had unique opportunity for two years, and maybe the best example, I think it was August, September in New York against the Yankees.  Tom Seaver is going for his 300th win, Hall of Famer Pudge Fisk is catching him, and to be part of that, to watch him shut them out -- not shut them out, pitch a complete game, we won 4 - 2, 5 - 2, I don't know for sure, because fifth inning, I got ejected, a la Bobby Cox.  But I got to watch from the runway, and I'm thinking about and 84 and '85 with Pudge and Tom, and I think about what you learn about leadership from teammates.  In '83 we had Jerry Dybzinski and Jerry Koosman, classic leaders.  We had a young star named Harold Baines, a lot like Tony, if he could have kept his knees together, he would have well into 3,000 hits.  Then you go Oakland, and you have the same combination of Chicago and St.  Louis.  You had the wonderful ownership, they are all represented here today.  You had a great front office, all represented here today.  You had scouting, you had player development.  You had a lot of people working to put our team's best foot forward.  And then we had Hall of Famers, two of them are back there, Rickie and Eck, and on those teams, there's a lot of flash and dash and bash.  But we played the game really hard, really well every day, because we had three guys that led our ballclub and would not allow it to be different.  On the infield side, Carney Lansford, outfield Dave Henderson an d from the pitching staff, Dave Stewart.  Communication was such a key.  I used to communicate with Stew just by listening to him and doing what he said.  Except one time, he's getting beat up and Stew took the mound like the great starters here and other great No.  1s, want the game and it's theirs until the bitter end or end.  Stew is getting beat up, a lot of doubles in the gap, we are watching cutoffs and relays, and there's one to left field, left center, he's got his back to the dugout.  And I come get him, finally.  Get to the mound and he turns, and says, "What are you doing here?" I says, "Stew, I got to get you." He says, "Why?  I'm not tired." I said, "Yeah, but our outfielders are."    (Laughter.) Then we go to St.  Louis, and you'v e got that tradition, that history, so spectacular.  You had Hall of Famers walking around like Red and Stan in the 40s and 50s, and you go to the 60s and you have Bob and Lou, and later in the 80s you've got Ozzie, you've got Whitey, you've got Sutter, an d you feel this obligation to go forward.  And from day one, I think with the ownership we had there, we were really motivated to be caretakers, same situation, wonderful leadership, a complete package of trying to put players in a position to win.  And a player that I know will be here very soon, or hopefully not very soon, but sometime, Albert Pujols.  So I think about the beginning and end of their career, and it's overwhelming.  When I put all that together, here again, I feel very, very fortunate.  Another part of that fortune was being around a man named George Kissell.  This is one of the most important things I wanted to share.  The last year that I tried to play, I was a player/coach, and then I wanted to try to manage.  We didn't have kids so w e agreed, let's try it.visit our archives at asapsports.com 3 And George said, "Here is my advice.  And if you can't do these two things, don't try it."   He says, "If you want to manage or coach, you've got to love the game and you've got to want to learn it." And like all of us who kne w George, everything George said, we did.  And I will tell you that for the next 35, 36 years, it was all about loving the game and learning it, and baseball is incredible, the more you learn, the more you love it.  The more you love it, the more you want to learn.  I think to the people that have taught me, the many mentors and coaches, not just in baseball but in other sports; I look down and I see one represented, Coach Bill Parcells, thanks for being here, Coach.  But loving and learning, I got my fin gers crossed, because I've done this before where I forget something, and I'm about to forget that before our families started, I was born in Tampa and had a very, very strong baseball and family introduction to our game.  My mother and dad were the best parents you could have in all respects and I like to tell her she's my favorite sister and she's my only sister, Eva, and our relatives there, cousins and nieces and nephews, a lot of friends and teammates from Tampa, thanks for being here.  But loving an d learning.  That's what carried us, and what else has been learned.  I learned after retiring from Major League Baseball, and I learned, when you were in a team, you're in a little cocoon and I had two great years plus a little bit learning about just the immensity of Major League Baseball and how many great people work there.  And since I study leadership, I'm going to tell you, the man that's leaving has been a great leader, and I've learned from Commissioner Selig, and like many, we don't want to leave and he's going to leave and we want to commend you for the work you've done.  I also, because I went back in the game recently, you had that little gut feeling about wanting to compete and the Arizona Diamondbacks have given me that oppo rtunity, and toda y I've been di stracted trying to figure out what's happening in Philadelphia.  I hope we're beating the Phillies.  And if anybody can Tweet that or whatever or send me a text, let me know if we're winning.  If we're losing, don't do it.  But I think about what you've learned and I think about conversations over the years, like C oach Parcells , you do that with people in your industry and there's one guy that I talk to more than ever over the years, sometimes three or four times a week for 30 years, we compa red in an honest way, and I think for one of the great baseball mind and managers of any generation out there, Jim Leyland, thank you, Jim.  I'll wrap up the coaching part, not to disrespect anybody, but one of the things I appreciated the most about our three organizations, the owners in the front office never thought that our coaching staff were just fumble (ph) hitters and guys that took a pension.  They really valued their teaching and their importance to try and build a winning situation.  And I have to mention that I think offensively, for many years, the presence of Charley Lau in my life has taught me more about the offensive side of the game, and I think he's revolutionized baseball in a great way.  A lot of guys owe him a lot of money.  On the p itching side, I know Leo is a great coach, I don't disrespect -- I'll say nobody has ever been any better than Dave Duncan.  Somebody asked me the other day, what do you think he was worth.  I said, we got 2,700 wins.  It's in the hundreds, 500, 600, 700, if we didn't have Dunc since '83, you can subtract hundreds of wins.  We have Dave McKay, Pepitone, representing the coaching community.  Thank you, fellas, for what you've done.  Just a couple other things about learning.  I think leadership is more imp ortant than ever in baseball.  Because of free agency and guaranteed contracts and guys seeking fame and fortune, they grew up kind of entitled, it's more important than ever that the people that are trying to put in a position to win have real leadership skills and really work at it.  You've got to fight through those distractions and the distorted ideas about what's right.  So with our team, we really taught that to combine with talent, there were three T's: t eam, tenacity and toughness.  We really work ed on those and I can honestly say that over the years, through the great work of our coaching staff, trainers like Barry Weinberg and Herb Schneider and our equipment men, I know Buddy Bates is here; Steve Vucinich, I think we helped create that.  But I have one pet peeve.  For years, I've heard, Tony's prepared, our team's prepared.  Pr eparing is just studying for the time at the time.  I think what our teams did was we took the test.  We competed like fanatics, every day, all the time, invisit our archives at asapsports.com 4 the right way, and if somebody beat us, we tipped our caps and when we won, we felt good about it.  So with all that said, we did embrace the pressure and the expectations of the different places, but here is the bottom line:  Nothing really has changed about my person al feeling.  I am not comfortable on the stage personally, but I do believe I've finally come up to a resolution.  I was in three great situations, great, with great coaches, great people around, been taught.  And I believe the way to accept this tremendo us honor is as a representative of all those mentors, coaches and members of the Chicago White Sox, Oakland A's and St.  Louis Cardinals.  Thank you.
