RABBI MARK MILLER: Among the most immortal words ever spoken center.  Back goes Gionfriddo, b ack, back, back, he makes a one - handed catch in front of the r called that most dramatic play in Game Six of the 1947 World Series.  I was born on that day and as a child I learned of that connection, and I have loved baseball ever since.  We are all here today because of the mystic cords that bind us to baseball.  In a world of fear and trembling we hold fast to what is constant.  The perfect measurement of 90 feet.  The eternal confrontation between pitcher and hitter.  The what is fair from what is foul.  The stars and stripes snapping in the summer breeze.  And the dreams that still seem possible, including that this is the year for my Cubbies.  We are grateful for a pastime worthy of our lifelong connection.   Players may be out at first, but in the sanctuaryof the ballpark we are always safe at home.  Instant replay yields to constant replay, and in cap, turning, leaping, and sticking out his glove.  May God bless the genera tions that preserved and strengthened the grand old game.  May God bless the ties that secure us to memory.  And United States of America, Amen.
SCOT MONDORE: [sings National Anthem]
JOHNNY BENCH: Its not funny, OK.  Uecker’s not up here yet.  This is like catching without a cup, folks, so I need your help.  I passed the words out, boys, join me.  [sings O Canada]
PAUL HAGEN: Thank you.  A good baseball beat writer should have a strong work ethic, should be a good writer, should be a good reporter, should possess common sense, earn the respect of his peers and the people he covers, and have a n innate sense of get two out of three of those, but in Hal McCoy we have somebody who hits all the b ases.   And - honoree this year for us.  For 33 years Hal McCoy has covered baseball in Cincinnati, reporting at the forefront of breaking stories in baseball events, both on and off the field.  Since 1973, he has covered the Cincinnati Reds for the Dayton Daily News , the longest tenure of any current beat wr iter for one newspaper.  Known for his candor, integrity, authority, and durability, McCoy has covered over 6,000 games and written more than 25,000 baseball related stories.  His annual duties include writing about 155 regular season game stories, a daily notebook, a Sunday notebook, and a weekly questions, a column three times a week, six weeks worth of spring training stories, and finally, postseason coverage, regardless of whether the Reds are involved or not.  He began his journalism career in 1962 writing for the Dayton Journal Herald .  In 1967 he spent a year covering baseball for the Detroit Free Press .  After returning to Dayton to work for the Daily News , he was offered the Reds beat in 1973.  An honors gradua te of Kent State University [School] of J ournalism, he has won 43 Ohio and national writing awards and was the first non -Cincinnati newsperson elected to the Cincinnati Society of Professional Journalists Hall of Fame in 2001.  ncinnati chapter of times and the BBWAA National President in 1997.  distinct pleasure to introduce Hal McCoy.
HAL MCCOY: Thank you, Paul.  J.B.  , Uecker, was awesome.  First of all, I want to thank the Hall of Fame people, and especially Jane Clark, Dale Petroskey, Jeff Idelson, Darci Harrington, for making this the most memorable weekend of my entire life.  Thank you .  And I want to congratulate Bob Uecker, Eddie Murray, and Gary Carter.  It is a distinct honor to be on this stage with you distinct gentlemen.  Thank you.  Nobody could be more humble d or appreciative than I am today.  But this is not about me.  It was never about me.  But it took a setback for it to really hit home.  In January, a month after my peer s voted me the Spink Award, I suffered an optic stroke that took away 50 percent of my vision, left my world dark and fuzzy.  My initial response was to qui t, to retire, to give up this job is not about me, and it never was.  This is about all the people who put me here today.  All the great people in this world who encouraged me to continue.  All the same pe ople who were so supportive of me throughout my until now.  This is about a group of hard working and dedicated guys who love their jobs as much as I do, the baseball writers , who do what they do because the y love it, a nd as I discovered, guys who love each other .  Guys who gave me the support I need ed to continue.  The guys who put me here today, when they all should be here.  Guys like Joe Henderson, Bill Madden, Bob Nightengale, Tracy Ringolsby, Tony Jacks on, Richard Justice, Bob Elliott, Ken Daley, John Lowe, Terry Pluto,  Kevin Kernan , Jeff Horrigan, Rob Parker, Paul Hagen , Rick Hummel , Ross N ewhan, Drew Olson , Jack , Joe Goddard, Serge Toucette , Peter Schmuck, Joe Christensen , Jerry Crasnick , Ba Haudricourt , I love all of you guys.  This is about my father, Harold, who is 85 years old and here today.  And my mother Hazel, who unfortunately is not.  This is about my father instilling in me the love and passion for baseball , s tarting with t hose catches in the back yard where I destroyed an outhouse with errant pitches.  It is about him taking me to see Ted Williams, Larry Doby, Bob Feller, Bob Lemon, Early Wynn, and my first love, the Cleveland Indians.  This is about my sisters, Beverly and Vick i , and my brother , Bob, who took care of my parents while I was winging away around the country chasing my baseball dream.  This is about a man named George Hansel, who gave me a job at the Barberton Herald when I was still at Kent State University, giving me a job and paying me when the paper couldn't afford to pay a neophyte columnist playing a big - time newspaperman.  This is about all the great people at the Dayton Daily News , the people who permitted me to do this job the way I wanted to do it for 31 years people like Jay Smith, Brad Tillson, Jeff Bruce, Steve Sidlo, Max Jennings, Ralph Morrow , and a special, special guy named Frank Corsoe, my current sports editor who refused to let me walk away defeated because I had a little problem. He knew b etter than I that adjustments could be made and frustrations overcome.  This is about three dedicated people who gave up their own time to drive me from my house to the ballpark and back for every home game, two and a half hours out of their day. But Eliza beth Rossi, Gary Weaver and Kyle Nagel do it without complaint.  This is about Reds third baseman Aaron Boone, who took me aside the first day of spring hat my problem was n ot good enough, n ot a good enough reason to toss it all away.  This is about a baseball player who cared about a baseball writer.  This is about a group of Hall of Famers seated on this stage who worked with a young writer in the1970s to make certain he had s omething good to write about.  This is about Tony Perez, and this is about Sparky Anderson, and Johnny Bench, and Joe Morgan, and Tom Seaver.  Guys who always treated me with the respect I sometimes And this is about Lou Pin i e lla and Jack McKeon, who taught me more baseball in one day than I learned in a lifetime.  - time lifetime friend who loves the game as much as I do, and fortunately could play it a lot better than I could.  This is about my men tors who are already enshrined here at the Hall of Fame.  Guys who took the time to patiently teach me all they knew and introduced me to baseball people.  This is about Si Burick, Ritter Collett, and Earl Lawson, my constant companion on the road, my ment or, my teacher, and most of all, my friend.  Rest in peace , dear friends.  This is about another unsung group who works as hard as baseball writers.  Who, without the bylines and the daily recognition.  This is about the guys who are the backbone of this gr eat game and some of my best friends.  This is about the scouts who should have their own wing in Cooperstown.  Guys like Gary Hughes, Wayne Krivsky, Chris Lane, Scott Nethery, Carl Lowenstein, and so many, many more.  This is about the great people with wh om I was fortunate to meet when they wo rked for the Cincinnati Reds, t housands of them , who treated me so well.  This is about the class act that is John Allen ; and Rob Butcher, Major League this i s about all the media relations directors throughout baseball who put up with my constant requests, including guys like Jon Greenberg , who is here today with Mr. Uecker.  This is about a radio broadcaster named Andy Furman, who was calling me a Hall of Famer on the rad io years before I ever thought anything like this could possibly happen.  And this is about dear friend George Grande, the nicest person on the face of this planet.  This is about my dear friends who seldom see me in the summer, but gave up their precious t ime and resources to be here today to share this moment with me.  I thank you very much.  This is about my fantastic mo ther - in - law, Lucille Tomczak, a nd Lou, I wish you were here today.  This is about Rod, Gretchen, Megan, and Lauren Tomczak, people I love m not there, b ut they are always there for me.  This is about my wonderful family, my sons Brian, Brent, and Chad.  And my grandkids, granddad much, because he was pursuing his passion and hi s love, perhaps selfishly.  Just know I love you all so very much, and I apologize for my absences and all the events in your lives that I missed.  But rest assured, I love you all very much.  And especially this is about the most important person in my lif like me to say this, but she is my solid rock.  My 9 - 1 - 1.  She has become my guardian angel.  She pushed me hard when I wanted to quit , and she listened to my sobs and frustrations when things ask for a better friend, a better companion, and a better wife, but love you much, baby.  And most of all, this is about all the fans and all the readers who have been my inspirations for 31 years, the peopl e for whom I do this with a passionate love.  If I could, I would get plaques for each and every one of you as large as I could find, because you all deserve them.  You are the real people who support this great game and you all deserve it very much.  Than k you very much from the bottom of my heart.
JOE MORGAN: It is indeed an honor for me, personally, to present to my friend, Bob Uecker, the Ford C.  Frick Awar d.  I think I speak for all of you fans here today, and fans all around the country, he is truly Mr. Baseball.  Bob Uecker has called games for his hometown Milwaukee Brewers forthe last 33 years, i ncluding 24 as the lead announcer.  With his natural good humor, self - deprecating wit, Uecker is adored nationally, recognized five times as the Wisconsin Sportscaster of the Year.  Mr. Baseball joined the and Tom Coll ins in 1971.  The oice of the Brewers has broadcast the World Series, the League Championship Series, and All - Star games, as well as Monday Night Baseball the 1970s and 1980s.  He was inducted into the R adio Hall of Fame in 2001.  I give you Mr.  Baseball, Bob Uecker.
BOB UECKER: Thank you, Joe, thank you very much.  A nd t hank you ladies and gentlemen.  A nd my congratulations to Hal, Gary Carter, Eddie Murray, and to all of the members of the staff of the Hall of Fame, thank you very much.  This has been a wonderful, wonderful time.  I, in deference to Hal McCoy, was asked to quit many times.  I was born and raised in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.  Actually, I was born in Illinois.  My mother and father were on an oleo margarine run to Chicago back in 1934, because On the way home, my mother was with child .  M e.  And the pains started, and my dad pulled took place.  I remember it was a nativity type setting.  An exit light shining down.  There were three truck drivers there.  One guy was carrying butter, one guy had frankfurters, and the other guy was a retired baseball scout who told my folks that I probably had a chance to play somewhere down the line.  I remem ber it being very cold. It was January.  I very much.  I think the birth certificate said something like ten ounces.  I was very small.  And I remember the coldness on my back from the asphalt.  And I was immediately wrapped in swaddling cloth es and put in the back the start of this Cinderella story that you are hearing today.  I did not have a lot of ability as a kid, and my dad wanted me to have everything that everybody else had.  I think the fi rst thing that he ever bought me was a football.  And I was very from the old country.  I mean, we tried to pass it And it was very discouraging for him and fo r me.  Almost, we almost quit.   And finally we had a nice enough neighbor, came over and put some air in it, and what a difference.  I got a lot of my ability from my father.  As a lot of these other guys did.  My father actually came to this country as a play, be blew up the balls is what he did.  And see a man put that valve in his mouth and insert it into a soccer ball, and blow thirty pounds of air.  And then have the ability to pu ll that thing out without it fracturing the back of his mouth was unbelievable.  You had to see his neck and his veins popping.  It was unbelievable.  How proud I was as I watched him do it time after time.  My first sport was eighth grade basketball.  A nd johnny , you know, to do the jo b.  So my mother made me one o ut of a flour sack.  And the tough thing about that is, you put that thing on, you whip it out of your bag in the gym.  You know all the guys are look ing at it.  And you start the game.  The guy guarding you knows exactly keep dropping out.  And then right down the front it says B est.  I signed a very modest $3 , 000 bonus with the Braves in M kind of money to put out.  But the Braves took it.  I remember sitting around our kitchen table counting all this money, coins out of jars, and orget this, I play.  o , y ou are going to play baseball.  W e are going to have you make some dad had an accent, I want to be real authentic oing this thing.  So I signed.  T he signing too k place at a very popular restaurant in Milwaukee.  And I remember driving, and my ook, it will b e over in a couple of minutes. D uptight.  We pull in the parking lot, pull next to the Braves automobile , and my dad screwed up the window rolled up far enough and our tray falls off and all the food is on the floor.  And from there on it was baseball.Starting with the Braves in Milwaukee, St.  Louis , mpionship for the m in 1964, t o the Philadelphia Phillies and back to the Braves in Atlanta where I became Phil career there comes a time when you know that your services are no longer required, that you might be moving on.  Traded, sold, released ,whatever it may be.  And having been with four clubs, I picked up a few of these tips.  I remember Gene Mauch doing things to me at , G rab a bat and stop this ral there without a bat and tell my to try for a walk.  Look down at the first base coach for a sign and have him turn his back on you.  But you know what ?  T hings like that never ords that will never be equaled, 90 percent I hope are neve r printed: .200 lifetime batting average in the major leagues which tied me with another sports great av eraging 200 or better for a ten - year period, Don Carter, one of our top bowlers.  In 1967 I set a major league record for passed balls, and I did that without playing every game.  There was a game, as a matter of fact, during that pitching against each other in Atlanta.  Their parents were sitting right behind home plate.  I saw their fol ks that day more than they did the whole weekend.  But with people like Niekro, and this was another thing, I found the easy way out to catch a knuckle ball.  It was to wait until it stopped rolling and then pick it up.  There were a lot of things that aggr avated me, too.  My family is here today.  My boys, my girls.  My kids used to do things that aggravate me , a different player.  I remember one of my friends came to Atlanta to see me once.  He came to the v are just like me.  In their championship l ittle league game , one of them struck out three times and the other one had an error allowed the winning run to score.  They lost the proud.  I remember the people as we walked through the parking lot throwing eggs and rotten stuff at our car.  What a beautiful day.  You know, everybody remembers their first game i n the major leagues.  For me it was in Milwaukee.  My hometown, born and raised there, and I can remember walking out on the field and Birdie Tebbetts was our manager at that time.  And my family was there:  my mother and dad, and all my relatives.  And as t me and waving and laughing, a .  A nd Birdie Tebbetts came up and asked me if I was nervous or uptight about t he game.  And I waiting five years to get here.  el I d W by the by, the rest of us up h ere wear that my folks walked out on, too.  But you know , this has always been number one, baseball.  The commercials, the films, the television series, I could never w ait for everything to get over to get back to baseball.  I still, and this is not sour grapes by any means, still think I should have gone in as a player.  Thank you very much.  The proof is in the pudding.  No, this conglomeration of greats that are here today, a admit it.  But they were.  And a lot of them were players that worked in games that I called.  They are wonderful friends, and always will be.  And great Lou Brock .  And I remember as we got down near World Series time, Bing Devine, who asked me if I would do him and the Cardinals, in general, a favor.  And I said I would.  And he said epatitis.  We need to bring an infielder up.  I said, ould I able to sit on the bench.  build a plastic cubicle for you because it is an .  I have a photo at home, I turned a beaut iful color yellow and with that Cardinal white uniform .  I Lou?  It was great.Of course, any championship involves a World Series [ring] .  The ring, the ceremony, the following season in St. Louis at old Bus ch Stadium.  We were standing along the sideline.  I was in the bullpen warming up the pitcher.  And something that you never ever forget.  And when they threw it out into left field.  I found it in the fifth inn once I spotted it in the grass man, I was on it.  It was unbelievable.  great shoe contract and glove contract with a company who paid me a lot of money never to be come back with handles at each end.  You know, people have asked me a lot of times, because I dozen bats would last me ?  Depending on the weight and the model that I was using at that particular time I would say eight to ten cookouts.  I once ordered a dozen flame - treated bats, a nd they sent me a box of ashes, so I knew at that time things were moving on.  But there are t ips that you pick up w hen the Braves were going to release me.  It is a tough time for a manager, for never going to play the game again.  And I can remember walking in the clubhouse that day, and Luman Ha rris , came up to me and said there were no visitors allowed.  So again, I knew I might be moving on.  Paul Richards was the general manager and told me the Braves wanted to make me a coach for the following season.  And that I would be coaching second base.  So again, gone.  broadcaster.  I remember working first with Milo Hamilton and Ernie Johnson.  And I was all fired up about that, too, u ntil I found out that my portion of the broadcast was being used to jam Radio Free Europe .  A nd I picked up a microphone one d ay and my mic had no cord on it, s wonderful, wonderful thing today to be here.  And one of my first partners was mentioned ea rlier, Merle Harmon , here today.  All of those who I have worked with from Merle to Lorn Brown to Dwayne Mosley, Pat Hughes , who now works for the Chicago Cubs , and my current partner today, Jim Powell and Kent Summerfeld.  My thanks to all of you.  To my good pal Bob Costas out there.  Thank you, Bobby.  All of the network people, that has been as much a part of broadcasting for me as anything.  The days with ABC and Monday Night Baseball with the late Bob Prince and Keith Jackson and Al Michaels and my great pal, Don Drysdale.  All of those people have played such a big part in me being here today.  Dick Ebersol, the head of NBC S ports.  All of them are a big part of what I am.  My family is seated over here.  I love them very muc h.  Ulice Payne is here, the president of the Brewers.  The commissioner of baseball is a guy that gave me my start.  He said , I want to bring you back to Milwaukee.  And I said , A nd here I am, 33 years later.  Thank you, Al.  I call him Al, Bud Selig.  Wife Sue is here.  To all of my Brewer family, W Wendy Selig - Prieb, Laurel Prieb.  Tony Migliaccio , one of my great friends.  Mike LaBoe, all my people.  Jon even know you were here.  You took care of Hal these people play such a big part in all of our lives.  And to all of you baseball fans around America and any place else, f or your letter s , your thoughts, your kindness for all of these years , i a great run, but number one has always been baseball for me.  No matter what else I ever did, baseball was the only way I wanted to go.  I thank you very much for your attention today, thank you for having me, and congratulations to everybody here.  Thank you very much everybody, thank you.
JOHNNY BENCH: I need help, yes.  Ueck, awesome.  Hal, c ongratulations.  To some of the greatest guys who every played the game, to Gary and Eddie.  One of the great announcers, a Hall of Famer, was always the one person that we all knew that stood up in the seventh inning in Wrigley Field, and you know he woul d get those: Hello, how are you?  You know the thing that really gets me is that Bob Uecker, I mean never introduced anybody here who was related outside his couple of friends in the office, you know.  I never seen anything like it.  Al Selig, you know, t into this part of it though.  You know the thing that made me famous was that seventh inning stretch, so everybody, a one, a two, [sings Take me out to the Ball Game] et a win and a shorter speech.  Go for it Gary.
BUD SELIG: Gary Edmund Carter.  MONTREAL, N.L., 1974 - 1984, 1992 NEW YORK, N.L., 1985 - 1989 SAN FRANCISCO, N.L., 1990 LOS ANGELES, N.L., 1991 An exuberant on - field general with a signature smile who was known for clutch hitting and rock solid defense over 19 years .  His tireless work ethic and durability led to the all time record for total chances by a catcher, and National League record for games caught, putouts, and years leading the league in putouts.  An 11 - time All - Star , twice the game MVP.  Earned t hree Gold Glove awards and hit 324 home runs.  A ca talyst for the Expos first post season berth in 1981 and a key to the Mets 1986 world championship.  Welcome to Cooperstown.
GARY CARTER: Wow.  Are you having fun?  Thank you , Jane , and thank you , Bud.  You know that feeling as a kid, when you go into a candy store for the first time ?  All you can do is smile and just stand in awe.  Well, this kid is in the candy store today.  Cooperstown, where all dreams come true.  Can you feel it ?  It is so sweet.  There are so many people to thank today that have influence d been told by the other Hall of Famers that I have a time limit.  20 minutes.  Those of you that know me, this is gonna be difficult.  Alright.  I have a tendency to e laborate at times, so I am gonna try to do my best.  Just bear with me.  I would be remiss if I did not say a few words in French.  So here it goes.  et les invit és distingués .  C'est avec grand plaisir et grand honneur d' ê tre ici aujourd'hui.  J'aimerais remercier tous les participants, les Expos, Mets, Giants et Dodgers.  Mes amis, merci beaucoup." I would like to thank all the sports writers, obviously, for this tremendous honor.  I would also like to congra tulate Hal McCoy for his great journalism through the years.  All the pleasant times coming into the clubhouse.  And to Bob Uecker, for all the fantastic years of n the cheap seats again, pal, b be in the front row.  I am so humbled to stand before you all and be in the presence of all these great Hall of Famers.  This has been a t errific weekend and I would like to thank all the people involved with the Hall of Fame.  From Dale Petroskey to Jane Clark to Jeff Idelson to Kim Bennett, a nd, of course, all of the other staff members.  I had a dream as a young boy like all of these Hall of Famers up here, to be a professional athlete.  I was blessed with a gift and I thank the Lord above for the wonder ful, wonderful opportunity to have played this great game of baseball.I played all the sports as a young boy, but it was always baseball that I loved the most.  I collected baseball cards as a hobby, and one day dreamed of what it would be like to have m y picture on one of those cards.  I grew up in southern California, a Dodgers fan, and my idol was the Mick, us today, Mick, so thank you for instilling in me the love of the game.  You see, I always have been a fan of the game first and a ballplayer passion for this great game so much.  My dream became a reality in 1972 when the Montreal Expos drafted me in the third round.  In high school my main sport was football as an A ll - American quarterback.  Most of my scholarship offers from colleges were for football, not for baseball.  So I had to think and pray hard and long to help make my decision.  My decision was altered after a serious knee injury which resulted in sitting o ut my entire senior football season.  After surgery and rehab I played the basketball season, but I was looking so forward to playing my passion, baseball.  It is funny because my primary positions in high school were as a pitcher and an infielder.  During senior year of high school.  But during those five or six games a scout by the name of Bob Zuk , who is here with us today, believed I could become a big league catcher some day.  He held true to his word , and on the night of the draft, at 18 years of age, I signed a contract with the Expos and started making plans to head off to Jamestown, New York.  Bob, thanks for believing in me.  So off I went to New York for a two - week tryout camp to determine where I was going to p lay that year.   And it wa s there that Bill M cK enzie, my first catching coach, who taught me all the fundamentals and techniques about catching.  He was the one who taught me how to catch.  Thanks, Bill, for your motivation and discipline.  to thank you for everything that you did for me.  And it was there in Jamestown, New York , where the journey began.  I would like to thank all the co aches and managers I played for.  For my very first manager, Pat Daughe rty , to my very last manager, Felipe Alou, in Montreal.  However, there is one manager who has left such an impact on my life and in my career and that was Karl Kuehl , who is with us today.  He managed me when I was in the I nstructional L eague, AA, and AAA , and I know he believed in me more than anyone else.  I remember he would throw tennis balls to me, worked on my hitting, and to get out of the way of pitches.  And he would even charge me 25 cents for every ball that I would drop when I was catching in a game.  This, of course, helped me to concentrate better and helped me focus.  And truly, I dropped a lot of ball s when I was playing in the minor leagues, so this really did help.  Although, at the end of the year anythin me and for helping me to be a better ballplayer.  I would also like to thank all of my teammates , s ome of them that are in the audience today.  Thank you for inspiring me, making the game more fun and enjoyable.  A lot of great memories that I will never forget.  After two - and - a - half years in the minor leagues being groomed as a catcher, I began my rookie season in the major leagues in 1975.  The Expos started m e in the outfield.  Well, that was when I could run p retty good and had some pretty decent knees.  B ut after having a pretty good first half , I was invited to the All - Star Game in Milwaukee.  Well, there it was Johnny Bench who befriended me and kind of took me under his wing.  By then Johnny had established himself as one of, if not, the greatest of all time.  He had already won two MVP awards and had developed the one - handed style of catching.  And also as one of the best defensive catchers there ever was.  Maybe, just maybe, he saw a little of him in me.  We had a picture taken together and later I asked him if he would sign it for me.  And he wr ote on it, he said , Well, that inspired me to carry the torch for catchers, because it made me want to work hard as possible and to try to make every All - Star Game , and be the best at my position.  Thanks, J.B., I appreciate it very much.  I was sitting there talking to Eddie, and he says, ignorance, but really, I always considered them being the tools of excellence.  And there is something special, I truly feel, about being a catcher, that only another catcher can understand.  So, Yogi, Pudge, J.B., you know being a part of this great frat ernity.Well, after two and a half years playing mostly in the outfield, I finally got a chance to play every day behind the plate in 1977.  Dick Williams was instrumental in making that happen.  From that point on, the rest was history.  You see, going t o a baseball game, just like you guys are here today, and sitting in the stands is like going to that happy place where you can leave your worries behind.  One of my favorite lines comes from a movie, Field of Dreams , and it goes something like this: T his game, this great game, is as innocent as children longing for the past.  The feeling you get when you go to a ball game, walking through the aisles to your seats, sitting in your shirt sleeves, on a perfect afternoon.  You find your reserve seat somewhere along the baselines, and if though, you were dipped yourself in magical waters that the memories will be so thick you have to brush them away from your faces.  Yes, the one constant through all the years has been baseball.  America has rolled by like an army of steamrollers.  It has been erased like a blackboard, built and erased again, but Baseball Baseball has allowed me to meet so many special people along the way.  One here today that I am so honored to have in our presence is former President George Bush, Sr.  He has been such a great friend through the years and I appreciate ceremony with your grandson, Robert, a nd I just want to thank you from the bottom of my heart, Mr. President.  God bless you.  A few more people who kept me on track, especially on the business side of baseball , were Dick Moss and Matt Merola .  here today, but thank you guys, for helping me with all the contracts and endorsements through the years.  ie , who not only was instrumental and was such a great guy and became such a good friend in Montre al, but he also was my agent.  He represented me in all aspects as an agent and I appreciated the guidance and direction that he gave me.  He encouraged me to be accommodating to the press, the fans, and made sure I always looked my best.  Pete thanks for everything.  I also want to extend a very special thank you to my good friend, Mead Ch asky.  I have known this man for a long time, when he was a huge fan and would hang around the team bus and would get autographs from all the players.  I tell you wha best man for this job to handle so many things , thank you enough.  What a godsend you have been.  The greatest thrill of my career certainly was that s.  Nothing will ever top that and the memories will last forever.  All of you that were there, everybody, will remember the dramatic Game Six and certainly the way we came back in that series.  So all you I will be forever grateful to the Expos for beginning my career and winding up my career in 1992.  The Lord gave me a storybook ending of my career in front of over 40,000 f ans.  My last at - bat was a game - winning double, and after hobbling to second base I left the game to a standing ovation.  There is nothing like the roar of the crowd.  honor it is to share this date with you, Eddie.  Even though we only shared one year together with the Dodgers, I always respected your desir e know Eddie Murray the way I do, and it was in spring training in 1991, after one of the games, Eddie headed back to the clubhouse with a bat that he had broken in the game.  In the midst of a large crowd, Eddie handed that broken bat to a smiling little boy.  That boy happened to be my son, D.J.  He was only six years old at the time and he ran into the clubhouse to show me what he had just gotten.  I was kind of shocked t of things with a lot of people, you know ?  [laughs]  But anyway, I walked over to him and asked him if he would kindly sign it, and after a brief hesitation he did, and, well, today, D.J. considers that bat one of his most prized possessions.  And that, right there, was the start of the Carter - Murray connection.  Who would have believed 2003 being induct ed with all these great players?  Okay , this is where it might get a little tough.  I want to take this time to thank the most important people in my life.  Above all, I want tothank my Lord and savior, Jesus Christ.  A great verse that spoke to me while writing my speech, and kind of e xplains what it is all about, i t comes in Psalms 18 : re my strength.  The Lord is my rock, my fortress, and my savior.  And my God is my rock in whom I find protection.  He is my shield, the strength of my salvation, and my stronghold.  I will call on the Lord who is worthy of praise.  I praise the Lord, my God, my best friend, for giving me the ability, the desire, the love and the guidance that brought me here today.  Without you, I would be I thank you Lord for giving me such wonderful person, and I kn ow that they are smiling down from heaven today, because they have the best seats in the house.  I have said to a lot of people very much.  I only had my mother u ntil I was just 12 years of age, but I always felt her presence throughout my career.  My father Jim, who inherited the responsibility of both parents, had a smile for everyone.  He was always there for me.  H e coached me in Little League, Pony League, and American L egion and also supported me in any other sport I played, constantly encouraging me.  His favorite time of year was spring training , the family and watch a few games.  He would g o early with me to the ballpark and would stay were playing cards in the clubhouse and the manger called a team meeting.  That meant everyone out of the clubhouse, ex cept the team.  D o I have to?  I , know how happy and proud you guys are today.  I am al so very blessed to have my other parents, my in - laws, mom and dad, my brother - in - law , Jim , who are with me today.  They have known me since I was 16 years old and have watched me grow up.  Thanks for all your love and support throughout the years, and alwa ys opening up your home in California for after - game celebrations.  Well, as for my big brother, Gordon, who is four years older than me, I thank you for being such an amazing role model for me growing up.  It meant so much to me that you would allow me to always play ball with you and your friends, even if I did bug you all the time.  You have been the one who has influenced me to always strive to do my best.  I always tried to be your shadow and looked up to you in so many ways.  I realize now how much yo u did for me while growing up.  I am so thankful for the relationship we have.  I love you, big brother.  Well, to my immediate family, there is so much to say and not enough time to say it.  So, the one thing I remember the most is how much the kids and S andy would be at all the game s .  You know, I never felt comfortable or relaxed until I saw their happy faces sitting in the stands behind home plate.  What a blessing I truly have had, for my wife and my kids to be right there with me through it all.  Afte r each game, I would always be the last player to leave the clubhouse.  It still amazes me to look back and think about the many hours my family waited for me without complaining.  It was funny, because if I had a good game or if the team won, the kids kne w the car ride home would be a heck of a lot more fun.  To my three precious children, I love you all very, very much, and I am so proud of each and every one of you and for all that you have done.  I am so thankful that each one of you have chosen to walk with the Lord.  Christy , you remember the most about my career, and have always prayed that I would do well in games.  You were my number one cheerleader.  What a help you were to mom and a great role model to Kimmy and D.J.  You have become a beautiful woman and an ex cellent teacher.  To my new son - in - law, Matt K earce , who I feel is like a second son already, thanks for taking care of my kiddo.  To my little catcher, Kimmy , who would sometimes only last a couple of innings before she would head off to up her own games.  She played softball with the same kind of passion and desire that I did.  I got the chance to coach her, and I was amazed to see how much she reminded me of myself on the to slide into her either, because , I tell you, she could some kind of block the plate.  And she also left her mark at Florida State University.  She enjoys teaching kids in the classroom and on the field, and she has truly turned out to be a beautiful wom an, inside and out.To my son, D.J.  What a phenomenal man you have become.  No father could ever be more proud of his son than I am of you.  You light up on stage and you light up any room you enter.  You are the most encouraging person and positive pers on I know.  D.J., you inspire me, bud, to be a better man.  As for my wife and high school sweetheart, and now wife of over 28 years, I fell in love with you, honey, when I was 16 and my love for you has remained constant through the years.  I thank you al ways for your encouraging words and all the letters you wrote to me while in the minor leagues.  And for taking care of the family, and for always being by my side.  You have truly shown your love to me and have always been the wind beneath my wings.  For that, I will be forever grateful.  I share this day with you honey, more than anyone else here.  I love you more And in closing, I have mentioned and for so many that I have not been able to mention, thank you from the bottom of my heart.  It is nice to know that even though my body feels like an old man now, I will always be a kid at heart.  I love Cooperstown as a Hall of Famer.  I love you all, God bless you, thank you very much.
BUD SELIG: Eddie Clarence Murray.  BALTIMORE, A.L., 1977 - 1988, 1996 LOS ANGELES, N.L., 1 989 - 1991, 1997 NEW YORK, N.L., 1992 - 1993 CLEVELAND, A.L., 1994 - 1996 ANAHEIM, A.L., 1997 A powerful and productive switch - hitter who se consis tency over 21 seasons led to 3, 255 hits, 560 doubles, 504 home runs, 5 , 397 total bases, and 1 , 917 runs batted in .  Third player ever to connect for more than 500 home runs and 3 , 000 hits.  Played in three World Series , winning with the Orioles in 1983.  An eight - time All - Star and 1977 American League Rookie of the Y ear.  A skilled fielder, he ear ned t hree Golden G lo ve awards, setting major league records for games played and assists by the first baseman.  Welcome to Cooperstown, Eddie.
EDDIE MURRAY: Thank you.  Nice little sea of black and orange out there.  A wonderful of.  The game, I knew I was gonna do.  It is a great honor to be here today.  When Ted Williams was here, inducted into the Hall of Fame 37 yea rs ago, he said he must have earned friendship with the writers.  I guess in that way, I was never on e much on words.  For me, it focused a lot on an individual and that way I learned to play the game.  Baseball is a team game.  You win as a team, you lose as a team, you also do so many things together.  But friends hips with the media , maybe like I could have.  But I had to do what I had to do to make instructor with the Clevel and Indians.  And, you this game than just walking up to home plate, For me, baseball is about, again, the team winning.  I could have taken an 0 - fer that day, come into our locker and been able to tell that I did not get a hit, because the most important thing for me that day wwhat we attempted to do when we took the field.  think my teammates saw it more so than proud to be here as a man that has played first ba se more than anybody in the game of baseball.  It was never about taking days off for me.  It was about showing up every day.  Letting my managers know that I was here to work.  When I signed a contract, I was here to play 162 games.  One of my managers ha ppens to be behind me.  believe in it.  He wanted to win like that.  But Tommy, honestly, one day, decided finally to give me a day off.  We got in a nice little ar gument before the game.  I pointed to a day off, that that was my day off.  And it ended up with him being a manager, I had to stay off.  We were sitting there in Houston, and the game was calls me up a second time, [unintelligible].  to go, he called me back from the on - deck circle.  good, this pinch - hitting game, so.  He calls me back up again to go up for the third time.  This time I go up and somehow manage to hit the game - winning home run.  I hit a grand slam that particular at - bat.  And, boy, did he look good.  I learned the game from some good teachers.  I learned life from some good teachers.  No one was more important than my mom and dad.  I know they are watching from a place up in heaven here today to make sure all their kids are doing good.  But, especially here with me, with my sister, Tan j a, and Lucilla individually.  Louise, Venice , Richard, Helen, Leon, Leola, Viola, and Joyce.  You guys had a lot to do with me standing here .  A lot.  As you can see, it is enough of us for a baseball I tell you, the games we played, no matter what they were, they were fierce.  They were competitive.  And like I said, I appreciate my older brothers because they would not allow me to win.  They made me learn to play with them, which I think is the most important thing that I learned.  All four brothers p layed professionally.  Charlie [long pause] , time h ere.  You inspired us all, man, by signing We wanted to be like you.  Okay I got today.  Again, my five sisters are here today elievable.  , Janice , and my now, just trying to take care of those two little ones.  that helped me g et where really ever forget my Little L eague coach , Clifford Prelow.  He really really helped teach also the love of the game of baseball to me.  When I became a minor leaguer wi th the Orioles at the age of 17, I ran dad, Cal Ripken, Sr.  Jim Schaf fer, who became, that was the most important decision ever made in my career, which was to switch hit.  So Jim awful big in my life.  And Ray Miller, who also taught me how to play the game when I became an Oriole.  Some of my buddies out there:  Lee May, Al Bumbry, Elrod Hendricks.  I tell you, the clubhouse was unbelievable.  I t was a place you wanted to be.  I t was a place you learned to play this game a nd know about the Oriole way.  I Doug DeCinces and Cal Ripken, Jr.  , Mike Flanagan, Mike Boddicke r, Kenny Singleton, and Scott M cGregor.  These guys were unbelievable to me.  It was wonderful going back home to t he Dodger organization, where my dad was probably second to Tommy Lasorda as being a Dodger fan.  I tell you, it was fortunate for me to sit up there and watch my family watch me, and it was just like old times when I was a young kid.  I enjoyed playing fo r the Mets.  I hit my 400 th never forget.  I can still remember the pitch.  I still remember the guy running after it.  I tell you, it was an unbelievable memory for me.  Cleveland was a great place to play.  Not because I got my 3,000 th hit.  I t was aboutwinning.  And I tell you, we had a ball club there for a couple of years.  W e were pretty darn good.  and Lou Angelos for bringing me full circle back to Balt imore for my 500 th home run.  awesome feeling, stepping into Camden Yards and walking out there and looking into the outfield, and you see two orange seats that are an unbelievable gesture to me.  Than k you.  Cal has the other one.  Today I join the greatest players that played the game.  It is a great feeling being here.  I accepted that I am here with these guys, and I tell you, Jeff here.  Kim, here and joining my new family.  thought, it was teammates, and that is what you guys are to me.  You see some old faces that I am familiar with.  E arl, B rooks, Jim Palmer, Ozzie, Kirby, Winnie.  It makes you feel at home when you can talk to somebody and really talk about anything.  And some of us go way back .  And I just loved to be around people that I like being with.  ons to Bob Uecker, Hal McCoy, my buddy, Mr. Carter, over there, today.  Bob, thanks for making it light here.  I tell you, I think everybody will go home and talk about you forever.  I tell you, we all be nefited from our teammates, and I think these guys would back that up .  And nk first of all, again, the writers that voted for me to get me here, because I know, that was a mark they all remembered doing, and I appreciate it.  I would like to thank those that came before me , like Jackie Robinson, Larry Doby, Curt Flood, and those who taught me along the way and that always gave me the support and friendship.  Ron Shapiro made it easy for me on the field.  He took a lot of the troubles away, if there were troubles.  He helped me with decisions.  Lyn , Michael, Brian, thank you.  Dian e Hock , she put some work in for me here.  She put  a lot of work in this for me today, and really made my time here, again, easy.  And I appreciate that, Di.  Evelyn Ehlers .  People like Joel Lochs, Curt been a round a long time.  Thank you.  The Bumbry family, the Hendricks family, from the time I became an Oriole, accepted me.  Thank you.  Good people that started off as business situations, with buddies over at FILA .  Mark Westerman, Howe .  Thank you.  The G eier family, thank you.  Charles Baum , you and your group, thank you.  friends come, I tell you, from far away places would just honestly like to say, thank you for coming today.  Even my kids out there in the back.  The Northwood Baseball League couple hundred of them out there, come all the way from Baltimore, thank you.  Thank you.  There will be a little surpris e for you later on.  And, finally, I thank all of those who came here today to share in this day with me.  I really chant, it took me a while to learn and dea l with it, but I did and I love it.  And when I leave you can do it again, but no t right now.  For every kid here today, I wish you could feel what I feel today.  Because I had a dream as a kid, to actually live that dream , I feel unbelievable.  I just d efinitely have been blessed.  I loved playing baseball .  I still love the game.  chant.
MURRAY CHASS: A year ago, I watched thi s ceremony from a bed in the Ne u r ological Intensive Care Unit in New York University Medical Center.  I can tell you unequivocally , it's better to be standing here than lying there.  I have never been big on awards in the newspaper business.  I believe we prove ourselves on a daily basis, not by submitting an article or column to a group of editors who very likely never reported and wrote or did so and failed, but the Spink Award is different because it is awarded by other reporters and columnists , and I humbly thank those who made me thei r choice this year.  My mother used to tell people that I wanted to be a newspaper reporter from the time I was eight years old.  I also recall that when I was younger than eight , I wanted to be a garbage man.  I don't know why I changed my mind, but I'm g lad I did , because I have loved what I've done for the past 45 years.  In my early years at T he New York Times , I covered baseball and pro football, but there came a time when I had to choose between them.  It was an easy choice.  With games every day and news developing year round, baseball was the more legitimate and challenging beat to cover.  Unfortunately, too many baseball writers of recent vintage don't want to cover the beat.  So many of them either don't like the daily grind or don't like all of th e off - field developments that have intruded on the games on the field.  I feel I thrived on the off - field part of the game.  I thoroughly enjoyed covering non - game issues , as well as non - baseball stories t he W orld Series earthquake, for example because they challenged me as a reporter , and I thought of myself as a reporter who happened to cover baseball.  I would encourage young baseball writers to adopt that attitude.  They will be better for it.  But the first thing they have to do is cover the beat for more than the few years, if that long, that they cover these days.  In New York, for example, the turnover has been startling.  In recent years, baseball writers for the major newspapers have averaged two years or less on the beat.  In many instances b efore they've learned much, even though they think they know everything, they want to become columnists.  Then , when t hey write columns, instead of picking their spots to criticize, they often display their ignorance, and worse, show a mean - spirited attitu de toward the people they write about.  Their style shows a decided lack ofprofessionalism and that absence hurts the credibility of all of us with the people we cover.  ( Inaudible.) By not expanding beyond the horizon and by not getting to know people on other teams.  T here was the instance some years ago when the Yankees were on the road and the only veteran reporter left covering the Yankees, Moss Klein for the New ark Star - Ledger , was talking to an o f ficial of the home team before a game.  When he was fi nished, one of the other writers asked who he had been talking to.  None of them knew or even recognize d Bud Selig. I'm grateful that through all of the years I have covered baseball, my children and my wife still recognized me.  They , and more recently , m y grandchildren , have helped me do my job because they've exercised great patience and understanding while I have worked .  A nd to think I wouldn't even get them autographs, they had to get them on their own.  Before she became my wife, Ellen knew what she w as getting into.  A missed Broadway show on the New Year's Eve that the Yankees signed Catfish Hunter and a messed - up Thanksgiving dinner when the Yankees were on the verge of signing Reggie Jackson , told her all she needed to know, but she married me anyw ay , and 28 years later , she was there every day last summer to make sure that I recovered from an extended ordeal.  She would not have had it any other way and I love her for it.  I also would like to acknowledge and thank other members of my family and al so friends who are here today, some traveling great distances to be here, some very old friends, some new friends in the back.  ( Inaudible.) My father who also had little formal education was instrumental in my career because I inherited from him my desire and my ability to write.  In recognition of his contribution, I have put together stories he wrote as a young man and have published this book for our family. I am proud to unveil it here today on one of the proudest days of my life and I am pleased that you could share it with me.  Thank you.
LON SIMMONS: I'm grateful and happy and surprised to be here, but I'm no more surprised than when I walked into the hotel and saw all these fellows there and I thought I'd made a mistake.  I thought I'd missed the hotel and gone into the wax museum.  You know, Joe is quite talking about listening to me when he grows up.  Joe has d one a great deal for the community in the Bay area , and he ha s a charity golf tournament that gives a lot of money to charity.  But one thing that you don't know about Joe is he's a competitor and he wants the edge.  I will tell you just a little story.  I played golf with him and we came down to the 18th hole and w e were all even, and I hit my drive in the center of the fairway.  Joe hit his well out into the rough , and we went and looked for it.  And we looked and looked and looked and I said, "Joe, you only have five minutes."  He said, "you go ahead and hit your ball and I'll k eep looking."  I knew I had the hole in front , and as I walked to the green , I hear him yell "I found it."  I looked back, he hits it out of the rough.  It rolls back, rolls to the bunker, rolls that close to the flag.  If you're me and you' ve got his golf ball in your pocket, what do you say?  I'm happy to have Murray here today and say that I'm real proud of him and also, I took journalism in school , and I wanted to be a writer.  I couldn't spell and I couldn't think of anything to write ab out.  And, Murray, I know that I have great respect for your profession and I know that it's an honorable one and you certainly have been among the most honorable. Thank you.  The two honorees today, Paul Molitor, y ou're all too young to remember the movi e that was made years ago with Ray Miland, it was called "It Happens Every Spring" and Miland was a professor who invented a solution that you put on the baseball and it repelled wood, so he pitched -- he got on a Major League team and pitched his team to the World Series because every time he'd throw the ball, the guys would swing at it.  W ell, Paul invented another type.  His, it attracted wood, so any time the pitcher threw it, it hit wood , and it usually hit the ground before somebody could catch it.  Paul, a great career , and I'm very proud of you.  Dennis Eckersley, who gave me more heart attacks than I would like to think about, but and as I mentioned to Dennis he can stop taking the ugly pills, they are not working . H e used to come in like d'Art agnan from the bullpen , and everyone said , e are saved and they were right.  But h e had this great control and he also faced up to everything.  He's had a lot of problems to face, but he's always faced them and he's always challenged them.  But the on e thing that a lot of people don't know, they talk about his control .  T hey don't realize that in high school , he was very wild.  He threw hard, but he was wild .I r emember it was in our area , and I went out to see the game , and they didn't have lights o n the field .  I t was getting dark , and he had the bases loaded with two out s , and now the catcher came out to him and said, "Look, they can't see and if we get out of this, we are all right, it's an old trick, but I think we can get away with it." He said, "You give me the ball, I'll go back behind home plate. You pretend you throw it, I'll pop it in my mitt behind home plate, we'll strike the guy out and the game's over." Dennis said, "Okay, if you think it works."  The problem was Dennis was so wild he w alked the guy anyway.  And I've had the pleasure of announcing for most of these guys, three generations of players I've gone through, but let me talk about my Giant heroes.  Orlando Cepeda, God love him. When we flew back to San Francisco from Spring Trai ning Orlando's first year in 1958, Russ Hodges spent full - time teaching him English , and Orlando just learned it last week.  But Orlando was with the Giants, they were on the way toward winning the pennant and Don Drysdale hit Jimmy Davenport. Broke his ha nd .  S o Orlando had to come in and play third base. He says well, when Orlando played third base in Puerto Rico, all the fans behind first base wore gloves. But you talk about a guy that was a situation hitter that could use the whole field and everybody lo ved him.  And I just want to say that my daughter thinks you're cute.  Juan Marichal. Here's a guy that his first game in baseball in the m inor l eagues, he comes in to pitch from the bullpen, the bases loaded, nobody out .  Juan did not speak English very we ll, and they had a shortstop who interpreted.  Buddy Kerr was at the mound, he st arted to walk, bringing Marichal in and the shortstop said, "Manager, he wants to ask a question."  "What's the question?"  He said, "He wants to know where you want it." "Te ll him to pitch it," he said, "low and outside is pretty good."  Nine low and outsides later, he struck out the side and that was his introduction.  But the big thing is , he never had the punishment when he came to the m ajor l eagues he had in the Dominican :  The head of the Air Force had a team and Juan beat him as a 17 - year - old.  Two days later, a telegram and Juan's in the Air Force.  N ow, Juan loses a game , 1 - 0 , for the Air Force. The next day , the entire team is in prison. And that was a true story. But Juan didn't have to suffer if he lost one , and he didn't have to suffer very much even if he did , because he didn't lose very many.  Juan, it was a pleasure.  And my friend, Stretch, he came back after he'd gone away, he came back to the Giants.  In his f irst game hits a grand slam. And that's when I said welcome back, Stretch.  And Stretch hit Don Drysdale like he owned him. Drysdale later, as he was retired, was announcing for the Angels and who but Willie McCovey came to bat against Nolan Ryan in Spring Training .  H e hit a home run , and I yelled up at Drysdale : "You can't even get him out when you're announcing."  Willie McCovey.  Willie Mays.  He gave you thrills, even when he was going 0 - for - 4.  But one story that you probably don't know, and it includ es another Hall of Famer here, Billy Williams.  It turns out that Mays had bet the entire team that Ron H erbel , one of our pitchers, who wasnot a very good hitter, would get a base hit this season.  So, we are in Chicago, it's a rainy day, muddy, and Mays is sitting in the dugout, H erbel hits a line drive in the right field, it drops in front of Billy Williams.  Mays gets so excited, he jumps and the Wrigley Field dugout is very low he knocked himself out because he thought the he won the bet.  He's ly ing there and he doesn't see Billy Williams throw out Hur bel at first base.  And Gaylord Perry, 10 innings he pitched in a 23 - inning game in New York, that was the thing that started Gaylord Perry, but later on , he lost 1 - 0 , and he was very distraught.  An d I said, "Gaylord, look, you're pitching great.  You shouldn't feel too bad about one game."  He said, "I hate to lose.  I'm so mad I could spit." But anyway, these are the guys that my daughters, who are here today, Robin and Cindy, grew up with.  They are friends, they learned baseball from them , and they love it.  And they learned baseball from another friend of mine, Russ Hodges .  I couldn't have worked with a better man, thoughtful and unselfish in the booth, one of the all - time greats.  Russ always h ad a way of coming up with lines.  He said when we were in spring training, he said Mays came over, we were going to fly to Tuscon because, we hated to drive the two - lane road, "Are you going to fly to Tuscon," and Russ said yes.  So, Willie said, "How man y engines does the plane have?"  That was before jets.  And Russ said, "Two."  Willie says, "That's not enough."  So, Willie left.  And Russ said "Well, I'm glad he didn't fly with us," he said, "because if we flew and crashed , the headline would be Willi e Mays and Others Killed.  The great renditions by Fergie and Mr. Rodriguez here remind me of the anthems in Cincinnati .  Y ou have to remember what you're saying over the air, be careful what you said.  A gentleman tried to sing the national anthem and he didn't do a real great job and Russ, when he was finished, said, "You know, that national anthem has to be a wonderful tune because it's just survived another battle." Well, that was okay except the fellow who was involved in singing it was from the Ba y A rea , and he told his entire family to listen because he was going to sing the National Anthem.  So, you just have to be careful once in a while about what you say.  You know, I have a friend named Milt Gusenitch, who could have been an All - Am erican ful lback at Stanford, but he hurt his knee playing hopscotch in his senior y ear.  But Milt says, and I can't pronounce it exactly, but he says natso yarios (phonetic), he's Y ugoslavian, if I come close, is old age stinks.  And the reason old age stinks is b ecause you lose so many great friends. And the friends that I've lost in Russ and Chu b Feeney, whose wife Margaret - Ann is here today, by the way, and Charlie Fox and Bobby Bonds.  Bobby was one of my closest friends. He and Jimmy Davenport and Hank Sauer w ere inseparable playing golf , and Davenport is distraught now because he's lost both Sauer and Bobby Bonds.  But the thing about this, Davenport was from the south and Davy never got over his southern accent.  The four of us were going to play in a golf to urnament and Davy was pulled over by the highway patrol.  And the guys came up and said, "Do you have an ID?" And Jimmy says, "About what?"And Hank Sauer was my dear friend.  I loved to go out with Hank because that was t he only time I didn't have to ta ke the ugly one.  And then the other one that I certainly w ish were here today is my friend pardon me, thought I could do this Bill Thompson, 65 years, high school baseball, college baseball, we wound up in the same broadcast booth in San Francisco.  I don't think there's ever been a broadcast duo who went to high school together.  But he passed away last June and I wish he were here.  But anyway, he was one of those great ones.  And there's a great group of Athletic fans here today.  And when I was w ith the A's , one of the most remarkable men I ever met , and it was a pleasure to have him as a friend , was Walter Haas.  He was just sensational.  And his son, Wally, is here today.  And Mr. Haas was great.  And I was lucky enough when I left the A's to co me back to the Giants, Larry Baron and Peter M ag owan, and they have been sensational, they just paid me the biggest honor I could get at, well, I still call it Pac Bell Park, but they retired the microphones of Russ Hodges and me.  And that was great.  I' m not going to stay up here much longer.  I wanted to talk about these people because I love them, but I would say this, that I did not believe and I do not now consider myself , the quality of being a Hall of Fame announcer.  I do say this, that the vote t hat they had, the people in San Francisco convinced me that maybe you don't have to be a national announcer in baseball, you can make a difference if you're local announcing , and they voted for me and that helped me get where I am here today.  Now, the thi ng about baseball is it's a n ational game that's played locally.  It's the Pacific Coast League or it's Little League or it's Babe Ruth League or whatever and people get ties to that. Baseball is a game where the threads of our memory make the game.  It's woven through.  Now, what happens is one day you go to the ball park, you walk through that looking glass, you walk into the stadium into a wonderland, the colors, the grass, the teams, the crowd, the murmur of the crowd and then the roar when he winning h ome run is hit.  Now, the great thing about this is you're hooked then and then Vinnie and Russ, they come into your living room, they are your friends, and that's how you grow up and that's who you remember as your first eyes and words from the ball club.  Russ and I were laid back.  In fact, we got letters saying that, it was addressed to Rigor and Mortis.  And I got one of the great letters of all - time, my favorite, where the guy said that I was like the cotton in an aspirin bottle .  Y ou didn't know wh at it was there for, you just knew it aggravated the hell out of you.  But I will say this, that, to paraphrase the words of my high school buddy , Abe Lincoln, the people that voted for me , let me know that for once in my life , I wasn't just mediocre, that I had pleased some of the time, if not all of the time.  And I certainly thank you all.  I thank the Hall of Fame, I thank the Giants and the A's and all the writers and the b roadcasters.  Thank you.
PAUL MOLITOR: Thank you.  Thank you, very much.  Mr. Commissioner, honored guests, Hall of Famers, ladies and gentlemen and baseball fans everywhere.  This truly is a glorious day that the Lord has made.  And I'd like to extend my congratulations to Murray and Lon and Dennis.  It's an honor to be going in with you guys today.  Congratulations.  To Jane Clark, Dale Petroskey, Jeff Idelson, Kim Bennett and the entire staff here at the Hall, I just want to thank you for making these last few months so special for me and my family.  A nd for the Baseball Writers Association of America, you know, what can I say?  Thanks for voting for me , and I guess not holding being a DH against me.  It's such a privilege to stand before you today.  The journey that brought me here to Cooperstown was a n amazing one , and I'd l ike to share some of that with you today.  I grew up in St. Paul, Minnesota in a wonderful family consisting of my mom and d ad, six sisters and a brother.  I loved all sports, but baseball was my passion.  When that snow would begin to melt and that grass would start to peak through in the spring time, it was time for baseball.  My dad and I used to go out in the backyard.  And we had the perfect height of a fence for a young aspiring Major Leaguer to have to leap to his u t most to st eal that home run away.  And my dad and I could play that game for hours.  I was a huge fan of the Minnesota Twins growing up and I remember listening to all of the games on the radio, waiting to see if my favorite player, Harmon Killebrew, would hit one o ut.  The '65 series against the Dodgers, for a nine year old was really something.  Drysdale and Sandy pitched it up against guys like Harmon and Tony . You couldn't get much better than that.  I started my Little League days on the fields of Highland Grove land and then went on to Linwood and Oxford playgrounds.  I played on a couple of teams per summer and had a game almost every night.  I also had a summer job, which was caddying, which was my first job.  And I'd always have to ask the caddy master , I've got to leave early for my g ames tonight.  Finally, he had to offer me the ultimatum, "What do you want to do, make money or play baseball?"  I guess I learned later on that you could do both.  As I got older, my passion grew , and my dreams became more viv id.  I played ball in school, of course, first at St. Luke s in St.  Paul, and then on to Cret i n High School, which I know is very well represented here today, a couple hundred in on a charter.  I'm grateful to all the coaches that I had growing up who sacr ificed their time to help kids like me learn the great game of baseball.  But there was one coach who really stood out as being particularly helpful and influencing both for me as a ball player and as a young man, and his name is Bill Peterson.  I played f or Bill for almost six years.  He was my coach for VFW, American Legion, high school.  And he just had a way with our clubs.Our practices were always full of energy and lots of chatter, people running all over the place.  Any time we had a bad practice meant lining up and doing head - first slides.  But those were the exceptions because Bill had a way of bringing out the best of all of us every day.  Bill just also happened to have coached Dave Winfield.  Not bad. Two kids from St. Paul finding their way to Cooperstown and both come through Bill Peterson's program.  So, thanks for everything, Billy P.  It was on to the University of Minnesota to play for Dick Siebert and George Thomas.  I'm indebted to the University for giving me the chance to continue my education as well as play for a legendary college coach who we fondly refer to as "The Chief .  "  Dick was a stickler for fundamentals , and when you practice indoors f or two months in the winter time , you get pretty good at them .  O ne of the reasons I think I got to the m ajors so quickly was that because of Dick's program , I was fundamentally sound, as Dan Patrick would say. And I know Chief was the one who helped me get that way.  During my time at Minnesota I played for a man named Sam Supl i zio.  And even though my summer was cut short when I broke my jaw, Sam and I became good friends and remain that way today.  I appreciate you, Sammy.  I was drafted by the Brewers after my junior year.  A couple of scouts, Tony Sieg a l and Dee Fondy, thought I was worthy of a first round selection.  I w ent on to Burlington, Iowa to play for the Bees under Denis Menke.  And it was a great summer in Burlington, winning down there.  And Denis helped me realize if I was ever going to get to the m ajors , I was never going to be a power hitter, so I canned that idea and started to try to learn to hit the ball to a ll fields.  It was on to my first m ajor l eague camp in '78.  You know, I survived some pretty ugly days early in camp, as most rookies have.  There was even one day when Frank Howard asked me if the scout was drunk when he signed me.  But somehow I made the opening day roster, largely due in part to an injury to Robin, and it was the beginning of a very memorable 15 years in Milwaukee.  Yes, it was.  Harry Dalton and the organization put together quite an amazing team back then and we had quite a cast of characters.  But when you put us all the together we could really play.  We knew how to have fun and we knew how to win.  In 1982 , we waited until the last day of the seas on to win the division, and then, of course, falling behind the Angels , 0 - 2 , before coming back and the Brewers finally had themselves the first World Series.  I'll always remember late in Game 5 of the playoffs , Cecil Cooper, a big hit . He drove in Jimmy Gantner and Charlie Moore.  A nd an inning later , Rodney hit a ball to Robin at short , and he threw over to Cecil , and County Stadium just went ballistic.  I think it was the loudest I ever heard that place. And I think Ozzie probably remembers that one, wh erever Ozzie is.I'd like to thank Commissioner Selig for his leadership and friendship while he owned the Brewers. Bud was a great one to play for , and he was a true fan of the game.  His door was always open , and I often took advantage.  We had some gre at talks about a lot of different things or, as Bud would say, a plethora of things.  I learned a great deal from Mr. Selig.  One of the best parts about my time in Milwaukee -- and I see both of their jerseys over there -- was playing with Robin Youn t and Jimmy Gantner the entire time I was there.  In fact, we set the record for longest teammates, for 15 years.  Jimmy w as what I would call an overachiever, and that's not a knock.  He wasn't really picked to be a m ajor l eague player, but he put t ogether an incredible 17 - year career.  And I've just got to share a couple of Jimmy stories.  Jimmy had a way with the English language that would make Yogi proud.  I'll give you a couple of examples.  There's a time Jimmy got in a rundown and somehow he found a way to make contact with the infielder, and he looked at the umpire and he started yelling , "That's construction, that's construction."  And I remember being in a clinic with him one time for kids and Jimmy was talking about hitting and the importance of balan ce .  H e was talking about , you've got to make sure you stay on the palms of your feet. That will keep you locked in." Those are just a couple of G umby - isms for you.  What can I say about Robin?  I learned so much from Robin.  Although we were contemporari es in age, he had played in the b ig l eagues for four years before I got there.  Robin had a simple philosophy about playing : "What can I do to help my team win today?"  And believe me, there was a lot of things that Robin Yount could do to help his team wi n.  I'm honored to follow him into the Hall as the second player to wear a Brewers hat on his plaque.  Well, the fans of Milwaukee, Wisconsin were always tremendously supportive.  There were so many days when I arrived to County Stadium , and there would already be 10 to 15 thousand people in the parking lot, five hours before game time.  I think it's pretty obvious they invented tailgating.  And I'll always remember the parade that you put on for us in 1982, even though we lost.  I always told people judg ing by the reaction of the crowd that day you would never have been able to tell , did we win or did we lose, that's how supported we felt as players.  So, thank you, Milwaukee fans, for making my time there so special.  It was on to Toronto in '93.  And I want to thank Paul Beeston and Pat Gillick for bringing me in to try to help the Blue Jays defend their title of '92.  Defend it we did.  And it had been 11 years since I had been into a World Series , and I was determined to savor every moment.  And then there was the moment with Joe Carter's home run, I was finally able to enter the winner's circle.  I'm indebted to the Jays organization for the opportunity , and I would like to thank them along with the Blue Jay fans who showed up, four million strong in '93, for giving me three great years in the beautiful city of Toronto.It was time to go back home, complete the circle.  Terry Ryan brought me back to Minnesota to play for the team that I followed as a kid.  My friends and family could hop in the car a nd drive down to the Metrodome, just like the old days on the p layground.  You know, I remember the fans giving me a standing ovation my first at bat back in the Metrodome , and I also remember promptly honoring it by striking out.  But I had three very en joyable years in Minnesota playing for Tom Kelly, who I learned a great deal from.  And once again I was able to follow Dave Winfield's path and I got my 3 ,000th hit back at home playing for the Twins , and remarkably , we did it on the exact same day.  So, Dave and my career had a lot of parallels. The only down side going back to Minnesota, other than not winning enough games, was I hoped to have a chance to play with Kirby Puckett, and we all know Puck had to retire with glaucoma and it would have been gre at.  But Puck, I'm happy to be on your team now.  So, appreciate you, brother.  I'd like to thank all the managers I had a chance to play for, all the teammates I had a chance to play with and all my coaches who helped me become a better player.  As you c an imagine, there's too many to name, but I'm gr ate ful to all of them.  The baseball m emories are great, but when you think about it, the people memories are even better.  Just to change gears a little bit and talk about friends and family.  First of all, I 've got some buddies here from Minnesota.  Kevin, Sean, Bruce and Denny, you guys have been through it all with me , and it was great to play golf with you yesterday. So, I'm glad you guys are here.  Greg Groh was my pastor when I was in Milwaukee and we de veloped a mentoring relationship that's been going on for many years now.  Greg, our trip together to India was one of my life's greatest moments.  You encourage me with how you serve the Lord in your work and in your life.  As iron sharpens iron, so does one man sharpen another.  Greg, you've helped me more than you know.  To John Boggs, the man who knows my heart, my joys and my struggles, you cannot be more loyal than this man.  John, our friendship is unique and I value it very much.  And I know I give you a hard time when you call me all the time, but don't ever stop, all right.  Ron Simon has been my attorney and friend since 1977, through thick and thin.  Ron, you've never wavered.  I'm grateful for your guidance, your wisdom and your friendship.  Yo ur courage has been remarkable, battling Parkinson's for many years now.  Yet, you've never complained and you've always found something positive.  You're a fighter and you're a winner.  To all my aunts and uncles, nephews and nieces and cousins -- all lik e 9,000 of you -- I'm so glad that you all came from all over to be here.  It means a lot to me, so thank you.  To my sisters, Mary Alice, Carol, Vicki, Angie, Judy and Barbie, we've been through a lot together.  Thank you for loving me and supporting me t hrough this life of baseball.  You know, in some ways it's kept us apart, in other ways it's brought us very closetogether.  And I might not have thought this when I was young, but it's crystal clear to me now that I'm very blessed to have six sisters.  T o my brother David, I don't know what it would be like to have a brother who's a professional athlete, but if I did, I hope I would have been a brother to him like you've been to me.  You've always taken the high road, and I'll always remember the letter t hat you sent me when you opened up your heart.  It's been great to have you share in this journey with me.  I appreciate you.  My mom, Kathleen, was a huge baseball fan.  When I was young , she shared stories of how she used to go to Lexington Park in St.  P aul to watch the m inor l eague games. She talked of seeing the likes of Willie Mays and Roy Campanella coming through the Twin Cities.  Somehow amidst raising eight kids, she managed to see me play a lot of games.  But my mom always thought she was a jinx .  She'd come to the games and she'd watch t hem from her car or she'd hide behind the tree.  And it was strange because it continued even in the m ajor l eagues. I'd leave her seats in the family section and couldn't find her.  She'd walk around looking for an empty seat.  It's kind of like here's Waldo, you know, here's my mom But I'll certainly never forget all that my mom did for me.  We had the most incredible visit in Spring Training shortly before she suddenly passed away in 1988 , and it was just very open and very intimate.  It was like that she knew she'd be going to heaven soon.  So, I thank God for giving us that special time , and I miss you and I love you, Mom.  My dad, Richard, had tremendous work ethic.  And that's probably the number one t hing that I learned from him.  He found a way to support eight kids and keep us all v ery happy.  He was never the kind of dad to put pressure on his kids.  He'd have a pat on the back for a well - played game and a word of encouragement when I would struggle , basically.  He n ever really meddled in my business.  Just hey, go out there and have some fun.  It was just two years ago that my dad was courageously battling cancer.  And thankfully, I was working in Minnesota at the time and I got to see him quite a b it.  We h ad some, you know, great talks during that summer.  One of my sisters shared with me that he had told his doctors that they better get him healthy because he had a date i n C ooperstown in two years, and I know how much he wanted to be here.  Words I'll never forget were my dad's to me the last time I saw him.  He said, "I'm so proud to have you as my son and I love you."  So, I love you, too, Dad, and I miss you.  To my daughter, Blaire, you're such a beautiful person , and you've matured into such a n incredible young woman.  I know that you had to sacrifice a lot because your dad played baseball , and I traveled and I worked, but the memories we do have, they mean so much to me.  I love you very much and I'm very proud of you and I'm really glad you'r e here.  Joshua, I know that better days are ahead for us.Linda, I know that you made many sacrifices.  Well, your unselfishness allowed me to immerse myself in baseball while you cared for Blaire and I'm grateful for the things you did for me.  To my w ife, Destini, I'm a blessed man to have you come into my life.  You have g iven me much love and happiness as well as our precious daughter, Julia.  I love you very much.  And to Julia, I know at 11 months you're too young to understand me now, but I want yo u to know how much joy you bring me and that your Daddy loves you. To you both, I'm excited about what our future brings.  I'd like to thank God for his many, many blessings in my life, including my salvation that he's allowed me through his son, Jesus.  I know the gift that I had to play this game came from him.  Why someone can hit a 95 mile per hour fastball and someone else can't certainly isn't something you can take credit for.  So, Lord, I give you all the glory for the things you've allowed me to accomplish, including being inducted into the Hall of Fame.  My time's almost up.  But in closing, you know, my dreams never took me to Cooperstown. Like most of these guys and probably all of them, I didn't play the game to get here, I played the game bec ause I l oved it. That being said, it's the Hall of Fame, it's that magical place, it's that place that transcends time, where baseball is respectful, traditional, simple and pure.  You know, I look behind me , and I see a group of incredible men.  Some of t hese men are the gentlemen that helped fuel my passion as a youngster.  And then there are other men that I had a chance to either compete with, compete against , o r play with.  And, of course, there are the other Hall of Famers who aren't able to be here t oday.  Together they compile an amazing fraternity of baseball brothers that parallel the history of this great game.  And I want to thank them all for making me feel so welcome and embracing me into the family of the Hall of Fame.  And all the fans that came out today, I appreciate you more than you know sharing in this day with me.  Thank you, everybody, and God bless you.
DENNIS ECKERSLEY: You have to bear with me for a second here.  I'm getting old.  Man, that 's something.  Good job, Paul.  First of all, I want to thank you, Bud, thank you very much.  I want to thank Jane Clark, Chairman of the Hall of the Fame.  I want to thank Dale Petroskey, the President of the Hall of Fame, and the entire Hall of Fame staf f.  It's been a wonderful stay.  They've been so welcoming.  It's been absolutely wonderful.  Thank you.  I'd also like to thank the Baseball Writers Association of America for that day on January 6, 2004.  I was humbled and overwhelmed by your support.  A nd I'd like also to thank my friends, family and former teammates who made the journey to Cooperstown, especially the p eople who came all the way from Oakland, because it means so much to me.  And to the 50 Hall of Famers sitting behind me, I am truly hum bled and in awe of standing here in front of you.  There's no w ords I can convey to tell what you it feels like to be in your company.  I always dreamed of being a m ajor l eague baseball player, but I never dreamed of being in the Hall of Fame. I could have never envisioned myself standing next to my childhood idols, Juan Marichal and Willie Mays. They were the best, I'm telling you.  It's an honor to be inducted with Paul Molitor.  I'm also honored to be inducted with Paul Molitor, Lon Simmons and Murray C hass.  Paul, you're among the greatest who ever played this game and, most importantly, those who respect the game with all your h eart.  You're one of the smartest players in the game. You did it all .  Y ou hit for average, you hit for power, you had the qui ckest bat in the game. And I tell you what, you were an all - around pain in the --- to deal with.  Lon Simmons. You know, as a kid, I'd listen to games on the radio late at night and listen to Lon.  And, Lon, you are a true gentleman and an incredible broad caster, and i t's an honor to be going to the Hall of game with you.  Murray, you're a very gifted and knowledgeable writer , and I want to congratulate you on the honor, too.  Thank you.  Most importantly, I'd like to thank my family for the love you've giv en m y and the sacrifices you've made for me.  This day is a tribute to my mom and dad.  I love you both so much , and I want to thank you .  I want to thank you for your unwavering support.  My parents were there for me , and they are here for me now. And my d ad struggled to get here today, and both of us knew nothing could have stood in the way of us sharing this moment together.  My passion for baseball was born as a little kid growing up in Fremont, California.  Man, I'd listen to the Giants games late at n ight on a transistor radio.  I could still hear the echoin my mind of Lon Simmons calling a home run call, "And you can tell it goodbye."  I loved it.  Those were the days of Willie Mays and Juan Marichal.  You know, I wanted to pitch like Marichal and hi t like Willie Mays.  You know, we didn't go to many Giant games, but when I did , I savored every moment.  I couldn't take my eyes off Willie Mays.  I was fascinated by that basket catch.  I tried to emulate Marichal's high leg kick.  And that's where the d ream began.  I had the c h ance to hone my pitching skills at a young age because I'd play with m y older brother, Wally.  He was two years older than I was , and he let me play with him and his friends, and trying to keep up with them really made me a better player right away.  It helps to have an older brother pave the way before you get to high school.  Speaking of high school, I'll always remember my coach, Bill Lightfoot.  Don't know what I would have done without his support.  And I know, Bill, you're here today and thank you, wherever you are.  Also speaking of high school, I want to recognize two of my lifelong friends, Mike Jacinto and Jeff Pimental.  My career in baseball can partially be credited to you guys because you dashed my dreams of being t h e Washington High S chool quarterback , because I had to play second string behind these two guys.  Anyway, they were great athletes and to this day my great friends.  My parents encouraged me and supported my passion for baseball every step of the way.  My dad managed me , and he was a part - time groundskeeper at the same time.  He came to every game, leaving work early to be there.  Fathers didn't really do that back then.  My mom used to work the snack bars in Little League games, and my mom and sister were there the day I left to go play in the minor leagues .  I was 17 years old and three days out of high school and I got signed by the Cleveland Indians .  I t was a major moment in my life , and I'll never forget waving goodby e to my sister, Cindy , m y mom and dad when I left h ome for the first time.  When I was 18 years old I married my first wife, Denise.  I want to thank her for giving me stability at a time I needed it and for supporting me a hundred percent of the way.  She grounded me and helped me get to the Big Leagues.  A few years later my daughter, Mandee, was born.  She has matured into a dynamic, special woman.  And, Mandee, you fill my heart with joy and pride and I love you very much.  In 1975 I made it to the b ig l eagues right out of Spring Training.  The major reason was Frank Robinson.  If it weren't for Frank taking a chance on a cocky 20 - year - old, I wouldn't have gotten to b ig l eagues so soon.  I'm indebted to Frank Robinson.  I watched Frank closely , and I learned early on from one of the greates t ever.  He was intensely competitive and his style rubbed off on me.  I made a lot of lifelong friends in Cleveland:  Buddy Bell, he took me under his wing; other guys, Ray Fosse, Duane Kuiper, Rick Manning, just to mention a few.  I never wanted to leave Cleveland, never.  It was upsetting when I got traded to Boston.  That firsttrade is the most painful , c ombined with the agony of a broken marriage.  But little did I know that special times were to come.  I didn't leave Cleveland alone.  It was t here I m et my agent, Ed Keating, with whom I formed a deep friendship and a special bond.  Ed watched out for me on and off the field.  We shared camaraderie like brothers.  He watched over me with a protection and sternness of a father , and I loved him and I reli ed on him. I thank him for what he did for me , and I miss him very , very much.  I think of him often, though, and I stay committed to his memory through my efforts with the Ed Keating Recovery Center in Cleveland, Ohio.  Joining the Boston Red Sox in 1978 gave me the first taste of winning baseball.  I am very proud of that 20 - win season in 1978.  Playing in legendary Fenway Park is absolutely unbelievable, with their passionate fans and capacity crowds.  There's an energy in the air at Fenway, you c an just feel it.  I was fortunate to play on some great teams with great players like Yaz, Tony Perez, Carlton Fisk, other greats like Mike Torrez, Jim Rice, Fred Lynn, Dwight Evans, Luis Tiant, all these guys.  I'll always remember Don Zimmer from those days, to o.  It's great that you're here today, Zim.  After Boston , I didn't skip a beat.  I went to the Cubs. I was lucky to find myself in another great baseball town with tremendous fans that have an extreme passion for this game of baseball.  There's no place li ke Wrigley Field.  Great place to hit, bad place to pitch.  I mean, I even hit three home runs at Wrigley Field.  Tell me about it.  I have some fond memories of the 1984 Cubs, or should I say the Ryne Sandberg Cubs of 1984.  We almost went all the way.  Y ou meet a lot of special people along the way , and in Chicago , I met a close friend of mine, Scott Sanderson, a long - time m ajor l eague pitcher and lifelong friend.  That off - season, after 1986, was probably one of the most difficult times in my life, both personally and professionally.  This is when my life changed forever.  My career hit a major downturn , and I was spiraling out of control personally.  For the 12 years I pitched as a starter , I relied on raw talent and innate ability to get through.  It w orked most of the time, but times were changing.  No one knew then, but I was fighting a major battle with alcohol and I knew I had come to the crossroads in my life.  With the grace of God , I got sober , and I saved my life.  I was a new man.  I was a rene wed man.  It took a great deal of acceptance to come to terms with being an a lcoholic, but the acceptance was key to my sobriety.  If I had not gained acceptance at that time in my life, I would not be standing here today.  My career would have not taken m e this far.  I'd like to take a moment to thank my wife at the time, Nancy, for sticking by me d uring those years.  They were difficult, hard years, but you chose to stay by me.  I am grateful for your love and support.  I was indeed blessed to have a base ball career, but it didn't come without sacrifice.  It takes a toll on a family.  I tried my best to be a good husband and father, but I knew that baseball got in the way a lot.  I strive to be a good father , and I love my kids very much, Mandee, Jake and Allie.  I love you all , and I'll always be there for you.The great writer Walt Whitman once said, "Baseball will repair our losses and be a blessing to us."  Well, I saved my life , and my career was about to be repaired.  You never know when life is goin g to change forever.  And in the spring of 1987, I was traded to the Oakland A's.  I was happy about the trade, but I was even happier to be home again.  My heart belongs in California.  I will forever remember meeting the then manager, A's manager Tony La Russa.  I remember going in his office when I first got there, and I didn't know what to think of this long - haired manager.  I don't think he knew what to think of me, either.  He just said, "Go to the bullpen , and we'll figure out what we are going to do with you."  Anyway, he and pitching coach Dave Duncan figured it out , and I became a reliever. And although it was a demotion, I was able to embrace my new role as a reliever because of my recent personal transformation. I channeled my personal acceptance into my professional life , and I became reinvigorated as a pitcher.  Relieving brought back my youth because I could throw hard again.  It was a wonderful way for me to express myself.  I didn't know how my relationship with Tony LaRussa would develop.  An d as it turns out, it would become one of the most important and significant relationships in my life.  Tony and I have a strong bond beyond manager and player.  On the field we shared an intense passion for baseball.  Off the field , we are men made of the same moral fabric.  We care at the same level.  Beyond being n umber 43, Tony knew me as a person.  As much as he knew my arm, he knew my heart and mind.  Tony knew me so much, that I internalized disappointing losses.  Several times when he could tell I w as taking it hard, he'd simply leave me a note later that night that simply said "You're the best, Eck."  I was deeply moved by those gestures.  Those notes , and Tony's confidence , were instrumental in carrying me through difficult moments. Tony always sai d the key to confidence lies in preparation.  Remember to cross your T's and dot your I's, he'd say. I took preparation to another level, both mentally and physically.  My pitching coach, Dave Duncan, also helped me get through a lot of difficult times i n my career.  We shared a similar personal style.  Dunc knew my pitching mechanics as well as he knew my mentality.  He instilled confidence with me and was always honest about where I went wrong and what I needed to do.  He communicated well, using few wo rds.  He helped direct me.  I trusted him, his direction, and I respected and appreciated his honesty.  I'm being inducted into the Hall of Fame in large part because of Tony LaRussa and Dave Duncan.  Not only did they change how late innings of a basebal l game would be played, they carved out a role that was tailor - made for my personality, aggressiveness, competitiveness and intensity. They created a platform to me to pitch another 12 years.  And it is in those 12 years that were my ticket to Cooperstown.Those years in Oakland were, without a doubt, the best years of my life.  Those years to me were like magic.  I was a piece of a much greater whole.  Beyond any individual efforts, my greatest successes came from being a part of great teams.  I had the fortune of playing with great players on great teams for great owners.  We bred success and we expected to win.  In my opinion, the A's were a dynasty.  Starting with the owners, the Haas family.  They were great owners because they truly cared.  They in vested in big market players even though they were a small market team.  The A's had an exceptional management team led by Sandy Alderson and Walt Jocke tt y.  And I credit Sandy Alderson for the innovative vision and were generous, co mmunity - minded owners.  They taught me by example the importance of giving back to the community.  I connected instantly with my friend Dave Perron.  He headed up the A's community relations at the time , and he's one of my closest friends , and he's like a brother to me.  I loved our relationship, Dave, and I want to thank you for your friendship and loyalty.  I made a lot of great friends during that time that will stay forever, like pitcher Ron Darling.  Ronnie pitched with the A's and Mets, and I'm sure y ou know Ronnie.  There are so many great players that I remember, like McG w ire and Canseco, Stewart, Welch, Ricky Henderson, Dave Henderson, Carney Lansford, Walt Weiss, Mike Gallego, Terry Steinbach, Mike Moore and, bullpen guys , Jim Corsi, Gene Nelson an d Rick Honeycutt.  And, Rick, if it wasn't for you getting out those lefthanders, man, I would not be here today.  There are so many other people who took a lot of care of me along the way, too.  M ickey Mor a bito, the A's traveling secretary, Steve Vucinich , the clubhouse manager, Dr. Elliott Schwartz, and my trainer, Barry Weinberg.  Barry, you listened to me so many, many times after some difficult losses and that meant a lot to me , and I want to thank you very much.  I want to acknowledge the wonderful fa ns of Oakland.  I want to thank you for your kindness and your support.  I didn't have all great moments in Oakland, believe you me.  My success was mixed with some devastating losses.  But you always stood by me and I want to take this opportunity to tell you how much your affection and loyalty meant to me.  One moment I'll always remember was the ovation you gave me after returning home from that devastating loss to the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1988.  I will never forget that moment.  Thank you.  What made the A's years extra special for me was having my parents in the stands every game.  They were fixtures at the Oakland Coliseum , and I'm thrilled we were able to share these moments together.  Looking back over my career , throwing a no - hitter, winning 20 g ames in Boston were highlights, but those moments can't even come close to beating the San Francisco Giants in the 1989 World Series.  Making that play for the last out, I had the ball in my glove for a kid from Fremont, California , it doesn't get any be tter than that.After nine magical years in Oakland, I spent two seasons with the St. Louis Cardinals and then I finally retired with the Boston Red Sox in '98.  And in 2001 I met Jennifer Szoke.  Jennifer, I want to thank you for your supp ort.  You've ch anged my life forever.  I am dedicated to you and love you very, very m uch.  While retirement meant the end of my playing days, it didn't bring closure to me.  Now I've come to the end, to Cooperstown, to close my career.  What a way to close.  This is the ultimate.  And though this marks the ending of my career, my passion for this game lives forever because baseball lives in my soul.  God put it there and there it will always be.  Baseball is in every fiber of my being.  I care for this game with my heart and soul.  I dedicated my life to being the best pitcher I could be.  You leave me humbled and grateful for this honor.  I'd like to leave an offering of a message of hope.  That is, with the grace of God you can change your l ife, whoever you are.  Thank you all, and thank you, God.
WADE BOGGS: Like Keith Jackson said, "Whoa Nelly".  Thank you Commissioner Selig.  I'd like to first start off by thanking Jane Forbes Clark, Dale Petroskey, Jeff Idelson, Kim Bennett and all the wonderful staff at the Hall of Fame for making these last seven months so enjoyable and allowing Debbie and I and our family to become two of the newest members of the Hall of Fame family.  Thank you.  I ap preciate it very much.  Thank you to the Baseball Writers of America.  Without your vote, I'm not here.  Thank you very much.  I sincerely thank you.  Jerry Coleman, Peter Gammons, congratulations on being recognized in your field of e xperti se.  Well deserved.  Ryno, congratulations to yo u and Margaret and your family.  I couldn't think of anyone that I would rather share this honor with than with you.  Thank you.  Thanks to all the Hall of Famers for coming back this weekend to share the spec ial day with Ryno and myself.  Thank you very much.  I stand here today incredibly humbled, extremely overwhelmed and so very proud.  Humbled by the fact that never in a million years would I ever thought that I would be on the same stage wi th all these great Hall of Famers and enshrined to the National Baseball Hall of Fame.  Overwhelmed by the great turnout of all these super fans that love baseball so much for coming out here and enjoying this honor with me, and so very proud to be one of the newest members of the National Baseball Hall of Fame.  This journey started about 42 years ago in a little town of Brunswick, Georgia.  Looking back on those days and little leaguer, the Hall of Fame is not even a blinking star, but thro ugh baseball travels and moving up the ladder, that star begins to flicker.  Moving to Tampa in '69, playing little league at Bayshore for Dr. Wolf, who is here today, my first manager, moving on to Palma Ceia, playing for David Fyfe at Plant High School.  I remember that June night in '76 when I got drafted by the Boston Red Sox and George Digby, a visionary, one of the greatest scouts because he believed in me, a little scrawny, skinny kid from Tampa, Florida.  He saw something that a lot o f other people passed up on.  On that night, my dad, Coach Fyfe, went outside after the offer, talked it over, came back inside. I said, "Where do I sign?"  I said, "Let's go."  My dad said, "You're going to have to make a choice, son, college ball or pro ball."  I made that choice in 1976 and it was off to Elmira where my professional journey started with Dick Berardino, one of the toughest managers I ever played for.  I grew up a lot that year.  Elmira was the first time that I decided to c ome see the Hall of Fame in 1976, and who would have ever thought as an 18 years old kid my first year in pro ball that one day my plaque would be hanging in Cooperstown.  Moving up the ladder from Winston - Salem to Pawtucket.  In 1982, final ly making it to the big leagues.  The one dream that every little leaguer shares is making it to the big leagues.I want to thank the late Mrs. Yawkey.  She was a great lady, not only a great friend but a great owner.  My wife and I Debbie would like to thank her.  Ralph Houk, my first manager was the first guy to believe in me and had the confidence to put me on the major league roster.  John McNamara in 1986 took us to the World Series.  He's a great friend and he helped me so much through a tough time.  I had a fantastic hitting coach in Walt Hriniak.  I believe he's here today.  Biggest motivator I ever had.  He was able to get the most out of me each and every day.  One guy that I wish was here right now, Ted Williams, hel ped me so much, our long talks, not about hitting but about fishing, one of Ted's passions, and I wish he was here today to share this with me because I owe so much to Ted Williams.  Then there's Johnny Pesky, hit me countless number of grou nd balls and improved my fielding so much.  Bill Fischer, a pitching coach for Boston at the time, countless hours of batting practice, the best BP I ever had, four straight batting titles with Bill, thanks, Bill.  My journey took a surprisi ng turn in 1992.  I left Boston and who would have ever thought I would wind up with the New York Yankees?  The owner of the New York Yankees, Mr. George Steinbrenner who I had the greatest respect for, I want to thank him for giving me the opportunity to win that special ring in 1996.  Each player has a job to do and when everything comes together, through team work and hard work, everybody of the 25 players, that special dream comes true just like it did in '96, so when you wear the same so cks for every game, or you have chicken every day, believe me, I have a few superstitions, and they work.  Clete Boyer, who is also here today, took my fielding to a gold glove level.  One of the most memorable moments I have, this was 1994, and getting a call 12:30 at night from Don Mattingly, that made it special.  It's not only a great accomplishment for me but Donnie wanted to be the one to tell me.  In 1998, I wound up in Tampa, expansion team with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays . Mr. Namoli, I'd like to thank you for giving me that opportunity to come home and play in front of my family and friends.  It was a special time for me.  Thank you.  My train ride began in 1976 in Elmira with many stops along the way, but today, that train has pulled into Cooperstown, New York and I found a new family here at the Hall of Fame, and my wife and I believe this is a beginning of another baseball journey.  At this time I'd like to thank a few family and friends: M y agent Allan Nero and all the hard working people at Coordinated Sports.  Thank you for all the things you've done for my wife and family.  Kim Morton and Cathi Leonard for all the work you do for my foundation.  I couldn't do it without you.  Andrea Hurm , our nanny for 25 years taking care of the kids.  It took a load off of Debbie and I.  Thank you very much. The Porrecas, the Leonards and the Hurms, our extended family.Daddy, I wouldn't be up here without you.  I owe everything to you.  My mentor, my idol.  Anyone can be a father, but it takes someone special to be a dad, and that's why I call you dad, because you are so special to me.  You taught my the game and you taught me how to play it right.  Thank you, dad, along with my step mom Pat.  Thank you for being here and enjoying this wonderful day, because without you, I wouldn't be standing up here.  My wife Debbie, thank goodness she cooked that chicken all those years.  That was great.  Honey, I love you.  You're my ro ck, my best friend, I love you.  I love you.  You're so special.  You're the glue that holds everything together, sweetheart.  Our daughter Megan, I love you honey.  Our son Brett, my brother Wayne and his family are here, my sister Ann is here along with her husband Warren, my mother - in - law Mildred Berticelli, my wife's sister Betty and her family, my wife's brother David and his family and the rest of my family.  There's one person that's not here today.  She should be, but she's here in sp irit.  Growing up all those years and taking me to little league.  1986, June 17th was the last game she missed.  She was the rock of the family.  She had to wear two hats because of my father being in the Air Force.  Mom, I love you, I miss you.  I wish y ou were here.  In closing, I want to say one special thing.  I am living proof that dreams come true.  In life, so many things are taken for granted, but one thing I can honestly say is that I took every day, enjoyed the game of putting on t hat uniform and playing the great game of baseball.  I have a message for the young kids.  Life is about obstacles, endeavors in life are not to be overlooked.  Our lives are not determined by what happens to us but how we react to what happ ens, not by what life brings us but the attitude we bring to life.  A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes.  It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.  One final thought.  Just remem ber, baseball is just a game, whether it's your second year in little league or your second year in the big leagues, you should always play the game with passion, play the game with heart, and play the game you loved and possibly one day your dreams can co me true just like mine did so many years ago when I first started dreaming about playing baseball and making it to the big leagues.  Thank you to all my friends for coming a long way from Tampa and around the United States.  Thank you and ma y God bless you.  Thank you.
RYNE SANDBERG:  What a beautiful day this is.  I stand here today before you humbled and a grateful baseball player.  I am truly honored and in awe, honored to be in the c lass with my fellow inductee Wade Boggs.  And as I look behind me here, wow, at the greatest players in the history of the game, I am in awe.  I know that if I had ever allowed myself to think this was possible, if I had ever taken one day in pro ball for granted, I'm sure I would not be here today.  This will come as a shock I know, but I am almost speechless.  The reason I am here, they tell me, is that I played the game a certain way, that I played the game the way it was supposed to be played.  I don't know about that, but I do know this:  I had too much respect for the game to play it any other way, and if there was there was a single reason I am here today, it is because of one word, respect.  I love to play baseball.  I'm a baseball player.  I've always been a baseball player.  I'm still a baseball player.  That's who I am.  CROWD:  We love you, R yno.  RYNE SANDBERG:  I love you too.  I was a baseball player when I was ten or 12 years old pretending to be Willie Stargell or Johnny Bench or Luis Tiant, when my bat was an old fungo, my ball was a plastic g olf ball, when the field was the street and my older brother Del and I would play all day.  I was a baseball player at North Central High School in Spokane, Washington even though I was all city in basketball, even when I sign ed a letter of intent to play quarterback with Washington State.  That's why Del advised me to turn down the chance to play football and sign with the Phillies out of high school.  I had too much respect for the game to leave it behind or to make it my second or third sport in college.  Everything I am today, everything I have today, everything I will ever be is because of the game of baseball, not the game you see on TV or in movies, baseball, the one we all know, the one we played with whiffle ball bats pretending to be Yaz or Fisk or Rose, in dirt fields and in allies.  We all know that game.  The game fit me because it was right.It was all about doing things right.  If you played the game the right way, played the game for the team, good things would happen.  That's what I loved most about the game, how a ground out to second with a man on second and nobody out was a great thing.  Respect.  I was taught coming up in the Phillies organization to be seen and not heard by people like Pete Rose, my hero growing up, and players like Mike Schmidt and Steve Car lton and Manny Trillo.  I understood that.  My parents, Derwent and Elizabeth, who are no longer with us, understood that.  My mom was at every single game I played as a kid, rain or shine.  My dad always said, "Keep your nose clean, your mouth shut and your eyes and ears open because you might learn something."  My sister Maryl and my late brother Lane knew this too, so did my first professional manager, Larry Rojas, a gu y who was always in my corner as I climbed through the Phillies organization, guys like Bill Harper, the scout that signed me, Ken Eilmes, my high school coach, PJ Carey, a Phillies coach, they taught me to respect the game ab ove all else.  The fourth major league game I ever saw in person, I was in uniform.  Yes, I was in awe.  I was in awe every time I walked on to the field.  That's respect.  I was taught you never, ever disrespect your opponent or your team mates or your organization or your manager and never, ever your uniform.  Make a great play, act like you've done it before, get a big hit, look for the third base coach and get ready to r un the bases, hit a home run, put your head down, drop the bat, run around the bases, because the name on the front is a lot more important than the name on the back.  That's respect.  My managers like Don Zimme r and Jim Frey, they always said I made things easy on them by showing up on time, never getting into trouble, being ready to play every day, leading by example, being unselfish.  I made things easy on them?  These things they talk about, playing every day, that was my job.  I had too much respect for them and for the game to let them down.  I was afraid to let them down.  I didn't want to let them down or let the fans down or my teammate s or my family or myself.  I had too much respect for them to let them down.  Dallas Green brought me to Chicago and without him, who knows?  I couldn't let him down.  I owed him too much.  I had too much respec t for him to let him down.  People like Harry Caray and Don Zimmer used to compare me, they used to compare meto Jackie Robinson.  Can you think of a better tribute thanthat?  But Harry, who was a huge supporter of mine, used to say ho w nice it is that a guy who can hit 40 homers or steal 50 bases drive in a hundred runs is the best bunter on the team.  Nice?  That was my job.  When did it become okay for someone to hit home runs and forget how to play the r est of the game?  When we went home every winter, they warned us not lift heavy weights because they didn't want us to lose flexibility.  They wanted us to be baseball players, not only home run hitters.  I played high school football at 185 pounds and played big league baseball at 182.  I'd get up to maybe 188 in the off season because every summer I'd lose eight to ten pounds.  In my day, if a guy came to spring training 20 pounds he avier than what he left, he was considered out of shape and was probably in trouble.  He'd be under a microscope and the first time he couldn't beat out a base hit or missed a fly ball, he was probably shipped out.  These guys sitting up here did not pave the way for the rest of us so that players could swing for the fences every time up and forget how to move a runner over to third, it's disrespectful to them, to you, and to the game of baseball that we all played growing up.  Respect.  A lot of people say this honor validates my career, but I didn't work hard for validation.  I didn't play the game right because I saw a reward at the end of th e tunnel.  I played it right because that's what you're supposed to do, play it right and with respect.  If this validates anything, it's that learning how to bunt and hit and run and turning two is more important th an knowing where to find the little red light at the dug out camera.  If this validates anything, it's that guys who taught me the game, coaches like Billy Williams, Chuck Cottier, John Vukovich, Jose Martinez, Billy Connors and Ruben Amaro; teammates like Larry Bowa who took me under his wing, Rick Sutcliff who was like an older brother, Bob Dernier, the half of the daily double, they did what they were supposed to do and I did what I was supposed to do.  There was Gary Matthews, the Sarge.  He wouldn't let me down.  He was always in the on - deck circle when I was batting and if there was a pitch who that almost hit me or knocked me down, Sarge would be halfway to the mound coming at the pitcher, "Get the ball over the plate or face the consequences."  I saw a lot of fast balls down the middle because of Sarge and I had too much respect for how hard he played to give it any less than he did.Sure I worked hard to get the most out of my God given ability, but that's what we all did back then.  That's what every one of these guys sitting here did.  There were a lot of players who worked just as hard as I did and if you didn't, you didn't stay in the big leagues.  There were guys like Bill Buckner, an incredible big league hitter, the first pure hitter I spent time w ith in the big leagues.  I saw him come through town with the Spokane Indians in Triple A with Tommy Lasorda and a whole team full of guys who went to the World Series.  They all worked hard.  There was Shawon D unston and Mark Grace, and together we were a double play combination for ten years.  Shawon Dunston, who knew three weeks in advance if we were facing Nolan Ryan and always had a hamstring pull playing the day before.  Mark G race, who made sure Shawon knew he was supposed to get every popup from foul line to foul line on the infield.  We could read each other's minds on the field and off.  They worked hard.  How could I let them down?  B y not being prepared for everything that might happen in the field, at the plate or on the bases?  Respect.  Andre Dawson, the Hawk.  No player in baseball history worked harder, suffered more or did it better th an Andre Dawson.  He's the best I've ever seen.  Stand up Hawk.  The Hawk.  I watched him win MVP for a last place team in 1987 and it was the most unbelievable thing I've ever seen in baseball.  He did it the right w ay, the natural way and he did it in the field and on the bases and in every way, and I hope he will stand up here someday.  We didn't get to a World Series together but we almost got there, Hawk.  That's my regret, that we di dn't get to a World Series for Cub fans.  I was in the post season twice and I'm thankful for that.  Twice we came close.  It reminds me of the guy walking down the beach.  He finds a bottle, pops the cork and a genie comes out to grant him one wish.  The guy says my wish is for peace between the Israelis and Palestinians.  Here's a map of the Middle East.  Genie takes the map, studies it for hours and hours.  Finally gives it back to the guy and says, is there anything else you want to wish for?  This is impossible.  The guy says well, I always wanted to see the cubs in a World Series.  The genie looks at him, reaches out and says, let me have another look at that map.    In baseball, there's always the next day.  I always thought there would be another chance.  It didn't happen, but I feel fortunate for the two chances we had and it's just a shame we didn't go to a World Series for Cub fans.  You can't do it on your own.And I want to say thank you to every teammate, coach, manager and just as important my opponents who made the game fun for me.  I want to say thank you to friends like D oug Dascenzo, Yosh Kawano, Arlene Gill, Jimmy Farrell, John Fierro, my cubs trainer for ten years, and Marty Hare, an old high school teammate.  To Jimmy turner, Kathy Lintz and Peter Bensinger, advisors, confidants and close friends, thank you.  Also, Barry Roz ner, great writer and good friends.  It's fun talking baseball with you, Barry.  Thank you.  To the Baseball Writers Association, I thank you for granting me this in credible honor.  I think a large part of this is the fact that I was a great interview and gave you so many quotes you could wrap a story around.  Seriously, I know I wasn't the best interview for many of those years, but I wa sn't trying to be difficult.  I had other things on my mind.  Baseball wasn't easy for me.  I struggled many times when maybe it didn't look like I was struggling and I had to work hard every day.  I had to prepare me ntally every day.  I had to prepare physically every day and I didn't leave many scraps for the writers.  I hope you also understand why I would not campaign for this or help you sell this.  It's the best award in all of sports and I think if I had expected anything, if I was thinking about it too much or crunching the numbers, it would have taken away from the prestige of this incredible honor.  To the great folks her e at the Hall of Fame, Jane Forbes Clark, Dale Petrosky, Jeff Idelson, Kim Bennett, Brad Horn, Ted Spencer and Evan Chase, thanks for making this entire year a joy for me and my family, one we will certainly never forget.  I've been lucky enough to be welcomed into three new families since I arrived in Chicago.  As great a public speaker as I am, I don't have the words to describe Cub fans who welcomed me as a rookie, were patient thr ough my 1 - for - 32 start and took me into their homes and into their hearts and treated me like a member of their family.  You picked me up when I was down.  You lifted me to heights that I didn't know I could reach.  Y ou expected a certain level of play for from me and you made me play at that level for a long time.  I know there are a lot of Cub fans here today.  I feel like every Cub fan in the world is here with me today.  And by th e way, for what it's worth, Ron Santo just gained one more vote from the veteran's committee.  Thank you to these men here, these Hall of Famers, the greatest players in the history of baseball who have welcomed mein and treated me as an equal.  It's going to take some getting used to, but I thank you for your kindness and respect.  This is the second best thing that's ever happened to me.  Lastly, I joined a new fami ly when my wife Margaret, BR, Adriane and Steven took me, Lindsey and Justin into their family and together we have made quite a happy family.  I love all of you.  You are probably wondering what was the first w hen I said this honor is the second best thing that's ever happened to me.  My wife Margaret is the best thing that's ever happened to me.  She is my best friend, she is the love of my life.  She is my salvation.  She' s my past, my present, my future.  She is my sun, my moon, my stars.  She is everything that's good about life and I thank her for entering my life at a time when I needed her most.  I love you.  The feeling I'v e had since I got the call is a feeling I suspect will never go away.  I'm told it never does.  It's the highest high you can imagine.  I wish you all could feel what I feel standing here.  This is my last big game.  This is m y last big at - bat.  This is my last time catching the final out.  I dreamed of this as a child but I had too much respect for baseball to think this was ever possible.  I believe it is because I had so much respect f or the game and respect for getting the most out of my ability that I stand here today.  I hope others in the future will know this feeling for the same reason:  Respect for the game of baseball.  When we all played it, it was mandatory.  It's something I hope we will one day see again.  Thank you, and go Cubs.
BRUCE SUTTER:  Thank you, Commissioner.  That's tough to follow.  I would like to thank Jane Clark, Dale Petroskey, Jeff, Kim Bennett, Brad Horn, Ted Spencer, Evan Chase and the rest of the Hall of Fame staff for making this day so special me and my family.  I'd like to thank the fans, friends, family and former teammates who have made the trip to Cooperstown to be part of this great day in my life.  To the Hall of Famers present, I am in awe.  It is indeed a great honor to be on this stage with you.  I wish we could turn back the clock and suit it up for one more game.  I'd like to congratulate Gene Elston, Tracy Ringolsby and the families of the 17 players and administrators of the Negro leagues on their induction into the Hall of Fame.  It 's an honor to be able to share this day with you.  Jane Clark informing me that I'd just been elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame.  After hanging up the phone, my emotions got the best of me and I d idn't quite know why, but in the six months since I've had the time to reflect on how important that call was; it brought closure to a baseball career that did not end how and when I had always hoped it would.  The call answered a question that had been on going for 13 years, a question quite frankly I would ask myself every year at election time, do you belong?  I would like to thank the baseball writers for answering that question and bestowing on me the highest honor that a player can receive.  The though t of having a plaque with my name on it beside the greatest players who have ever played the game is truly an honor and humbling experience.  When I played, I never needed the spotlight, nor did I want it.  I simply wanted to play baseball and be respected my teammates and the opposing players.  So today, my name goes on this plaque, but this day is not about me, it's about the many people who have helped me along the way.  I started playing sports at a young age in Mount Joy, Penn.  My father is the one wh o got me started in baseball.  He would come home from work and I'd always be waiting there with a glove and a ball.  He was never too tired to go outside and play catch.  After a few throws he would always take out his handkerchief and put it in his glove for padding.  To this day I think he did it to build up a young man's ego.  My dad had a calming demeanor about him.  He never got real excited.  Whether I played good or played bad, it was ent that rubbed off on me, and later it was a tremendous help to me as a closer.  He always told me to show up ready to play, do the best you can and live with what happens then go out and do it again the next day.  The point he always got across was that the game of baseball is perfect, but the people that play it are not. My parents have since passed on but I know they are looking down on me and are proud of what I've been able to achieve.  It was at Donegal high school that I met two coaches, Don Staley and Al Brooks.  I would like to thank them for getting me started off on the right foot.  They taught me the importance of being on time, that you practice things until they become instinctive, andnever make the same mistake twice, which I learned later o n in life the hard way.  Mr.  Sandberg helped me with that.  Ralph DiLullu was the scout who signed me to my first professional contract.  I would like to thank him, the Chicago Cubs and the Wrigley family for the opportunity to chase my dream.  It was in t he Cubs minor league system that I met a man who taught me how to throw a new pitch that would take me from being a suspect all the way to the Hall of Fame.  His name was Fred Martin.  He taught me to spread my fingers apart and throw it just like a fast b all.  Fortunately for me, it clicked right away.  There were players throwing forkballs at the time and a few guys were using it for a change up but nobody was throwing what he called the split finger.  It was a pitch that didn't change how the game was pl ayed but developed a new way to get hitters out.  Everybody who has thrown the split - finger fast ball owes a great deal of thanks to Fred Martin because he was the first one to teach it.  I would not be standing here today if it were not for that pitch.  F red passed away in 1979, but I know he has a crowd around him right now and he's showing someone how to hold the split finger.  Walt Dixon, QV Lowe and Doc Edwards, and I'd like to thank them for their patience while I was trying to master a new pitch.  I got called up to the Cubs in 1976 and stayed with them through the 1980 season.  It was there in Chicago that Mike Roarke became my pitching coach and later we were reunited with the St. Louis Ca rdinals.  Mike had the same low - key dry humor approach that my father had and that really helped me with the ups and downs that a closer goes through in the season. Whenever my mechanics would get out of whack, Mike was always that guy who could get me bac k on track.  Mike, I can't thank you enough for the help that you've given me.  It was also in Chicago that I met two men, my agents Jim Bronner and Bob Golhooley, and together we went through landmark arbitration cases, trades and free agent signings.  We started out as agents and player but ended up with 30 years of friendship.  Jim and Bob, thank you for all that you've done for me and my family.  In the winter of 1980 I got traded to the St. Louis Cardinals and got to see the Cubs - Cardinals rivalry from the other side.  The atmosphere in St. Louis is something I will always remember, the sea of red downtown on game day, the Clydesdales trotting around the field and of course Ozzie's back flip to get the year started.  In 1981 we had a shot at making the playoffs if it were not for the strike and me throwing a couple of home run balls down the stretch, but in 1982 it all came together and we were crowned World Series champions.  Every young kid who dreams of pitching in the major leagues has imagined himse lf striking out the batter to end the seventh game of the World Series.  I was one of the lucky ones who got to realize that dream.Individual achievements are nice, but it does not compare to the feeling you have to go through a season with 24 other guys and end up on top.  Putting the uniform on every day and going out on the field not hoping to win but expecting to win is a feeling I'll never forget.  The 1982 team was that kind of team.  We expected to win. We were a team put together and managed by Wh itey Herzog. Whitey was a manager like no other I had ever had.  From the moment I met him, it was like I knew him all my life.  The stories he told, the laughter, the enthusiasm for the game is something I always looked forward to.  There was never a situ ation that came up in a game that Whitey wasn't prepared for.  He was more like a teammate than he was a manager and he led us to that championship.  Whitey, I know you're here. You're the best.  I would like to thank you for your friendship and I'm lookin g forward to sharing that boat with you in September.  I would also like to thank the Busch family and the St. Louis Cardinals for those years in the great city of St. Louis.  Before the 1985 season I signed a contract with the Atlanta Braves.  They had a good team with the majority of their '82 playoff teams still intact.  I was looking forward to playing with them, but it wasn't meant to me be.  Very few players get to leave the game on their own terms and in 1985 I hurt my shoulder and three surgeries la ter I was done.  I love Atlanta and have made it my home for the last 21 years but I still regret not being able to pitch for the fans of Atlanta.  I would like to thank Ted Turner and the Atlanta Braves for the opportunity that they gave me.  In 1989, my career was over as a player but it was now my chance to become a full time husband and father.  When I was playing, my Jamye had the challenge of racing three boys for the most part by herself, but now that I was done playing, I was going to step away from the game that I loved and be with my family as much as possible.  What a pleasure it was to spend time with my three sons and watch them as they grew up not only to become great young men but also my best buddies.  So to Josh, his wife Donielle, my four g randkids Amanda, Denver, Grayson and Pressley, to Chad and his wife Kasey, and to Ben and his fiancée Amanda, I love you guys, you make my life complete.  To my wife Jamye, I want to say thank you for all the years of your endless love and support.  We wer e together through the minor leagues, the major leagues and now the Hall of Fame.  I love you very much and I appreciate everything you have done and continue to do.  I wouldn't be here without you.  I know we have some challenges to face in our future, bu t we'll do them as we always do, together.  To my sisters Barb, Mary, Joyce and Gloria, my brother Bill and the rest of the family that are here today, thank you for all your support through the years.  I love you.  I'm at a time in my life where I don't m iss playing baseball any more, but I do miss going to the ball park every day.  I miss seeing all the special people that do the jobs off thefield, the people that make a baseball player's job easier as you go through the long season.  So to traveling sec retaries Bill Acree and CJ Cherre, clubhouse guys Yosh Kawano, Butch Yakeman, Buddy Bates, Casey Stephensen, trainers Tony Garofalo, Gene Geiselman, Dave Pursley, Jeff Porter, Doctors Stan London and Joe Chandler, and to all the visiting clubbies, I'm trul y grateful for all that you've done.  You guys were more important to my career than anyone will ever know.  I'd like to say thank you to all my Major League coaches and managers.  Without you, all this wouldn't have been possible.  There's more to being a good teammate than just saving games and game winning hits.  Being part of a team means spending every day with the guys going on the road away from family and friends, experiencing the ups and downs of life.  You develop certain bonds that stay with you for your entire life. I can honestly say that I never had a teammate that I didn't get along with.  I only hope that I was as good a teammate to them as they were to me.  I had the opportunity to be around pitchers like Rick Reuschel, Bill Bonham, Bob Fors ch and Darold Knowles, who were not only fine pitchers but also took the time to teach me the unwritten rules of baseball and how to carry myself as a Major League baseball player.  I was fortunate to play with Mike Krukow, who was my best friend and teamm ate throughout my journey to the big leagues.  Kenny Holtzmen had his own way of keeping me humble.  If I got a save, he would say it was because the tying run was up in the clubhouse eating a sandwich.  If I blew a save or game up a game, he would wait un til everything that I had a chance to throw to some great catchers who didn't mind blocking all those balls in the dirt, guys like George Mitterwald, Gene Tenace, Barry Foote, Darryl Porter, Ted Simmons.  Teddy was one of the best players I ever played with or against.  I had the opportunity to watch teammates Bill Madlock and Bill Buckner win batting titles.  I saw and watched Bob Forsch pitch a no - hitter.  I got to watch Dale Murphy play every day; who was better than Murph in the '80s?  If there was a better defensive team than Keith Hernandez, Tom Herr, Ozzie Smith, Ken Oberkfell, Lonnie Smith, Willie McGee, George Hendrick and Darryl Porter, you would have to prove it to me.  Our pitchers meetings in St. Louis were simple: don't walk anybody and keep it in the park.  Watching those guys play every day was truly amazing.  I got to see some great rookies break into the major leagues, guys like Lee Smith and Willie McGee, Andy Van Sly ke, Terry Pendleton, Ron Grant, Tom Glavine and John Smoltz.  Some of these guys have had careers which could land them here in Cooperstown.  And last but certainly not least, my fellow bullpenners.  In my opinion, and I am a little biased, the last three innings of the ballgame is when everything starts happening.  I'm not taking anything away from the great starting pitchers, but when they go out there andthey have their good stuff there is no strategy, the only decision the manager has to make that day is where he'll be eating dinner that night.  So when the starter starts to get into trouble and the bullpen is warming up, then the strategy of the game starts.  Going to the ballpark every day as a relief pitcher is exciting because you never know what li es ahead of you that day but you know that if you do get a chance to pitch, you'll have a major effect on the outcome of game.  When you did your job, there was no better feeling in the world; when you didn't, there was nothing worse.  I'd like to thank my fellow bullpenners who got the game to me and also picked me up on the days I wasn't so good, guys like Dick Tidrow, Willie Hernandez, Donnie Moore, Jim Otten, Jeff Lahti, Doug Bair, John Martin, Gene Garber, Terry Forraster, Rick Camp and Jim Kaat.  Jim Kaat has more passion for the game than any man I've ever met.  A few words with him could turn even the worst day into the one that wasn't so bad.  I know you're here Kenny.  Stand up, old timer.  Thanks for your help.  I could stand up her e all day long and talk about the great times I've had with my teammates but Johnny Bench told me I wasn't allowed.  So to all my teammates, thank you again for the great times and memories we have shared.  To the fans in Chicago, St.  Louis and Atlanta, I want to say thank you for your support.  Your chanting of gave me chills.  I wish I could trot out there and get that feeling again, but Father Time has caught up with me; first he took my arm, then he took my hair , then he took the color from my beard, but he cannot take the great friendships and memories I have from being a baseball player.  I'm very thankful to have had the opportunity to play Major League baseball with and against the greatest players in the wor ld.  Some days I was good and some days I was bad, but I always remember what my dad taught me, the game's perfect but the people that play the game are not.  On January 10th, I got the final call to the bullpen and I want to again thank the baseball write rs for this great honor. From now on, I will get introduced as Hall of Famer Bruce Sutter.  It still doesn't sound right, but it is sounding better.  Thank you for coming.  Be careful going home.  I love you all.
CAL RIPKEN, JR : Thank you, Commissioner Selig and all you do for baseball.  And thanks everyone he re at the Hall of Fame for this great weekend and honor.  I've really appreciated all the people who have congratulated me in the months since my election to the Hall of Fame.  It sure helped me get over a conversation I had recently with a 10 - year old bo y I was instructing.  I was teaching him hitting and he was starting to have success and feeling quite proud of himself.  And he asked me, "So, did you play baseball?" I said, "Yes, I played professionally."  And he goes, "Oh, yeah, for what team?"  I said , "I played with the Baltimore Orioles for 21 years."  And he said, "What position?"  And I said, "Mostly short stop but a little third base at the end."  And he began to walk away and he looked back and said, "should I know you?" That certainly puts all t his in perspective.  As I thought about this day, I couldn't help but say to myself you don't get to a place like this and join a group like the men seated behind me without a lot of people supporting you along the way.  If I thanked them all individually, I'd keep you here longer than the streak.  But I do want to talk about some who stand out in my memory.  A big part of me reaching this Hall was played by my teammates and the Oriole organization.  From the front office to the training room and the men I played with through the years, I was a better player because I was part of the Oriole way.  And that way was epitomized by my good friend Eddie Murray with whom I team up again in this Hall of Fame.  He led by example and he inspired me with his play and h is friendship.  Thank you, Eddie.  And then there are the fans of baseball.  And in particular, the people of Baltimore who cheered my successes and stood by me when things weren't going so well.  Where would any of us in this game be without the people wh o love the game and their teams and who even make trips to events like this long after we've put down our gloves and bats?  I know some fans have looked at the streak as a special accomplishment, and while I appreciate that, I always looked at it as just s howing up for work every day.  As I look out on this audience, I see thousands of people who do the same, teachers, police officers, mothers, fathers, business people and many others.  You all may not receive the accolades that I have throughout my career, so I'd like to take the time out to salute all of you for showing up, working hard and making the world a better place.  Thank you all.  As I played this game, there were special friends who made it possible for me to be the best I could be on the field w ith their support off the field.  There was Jimmy Williams who taught and guided me to the big leagues, and Richie Bancells who kept me and my body on the field and was a great listener in our off the field moments, and BradyAnderson, simply my best frien d, and John "T Bone" Shelby with whom I started a life - long friendship from our earliest days of struggling together in the minor leagues.  And most of all, I count the blessings of my family.  Imagine how lucky I am to call the man whose memory I revere to this day by so many important names, teacher, coach, manager and especially dad.  He was for me and many others an example of how to play and prepare for the game the right way, the Cal Senior way.  And alongside him or in place of him, there was always m y mom who to this day shines as an example of devotion to family, community, humility, integrity and love.  Mom, the words are hard to find to let you know how much I love you back.  My sister and brothers, including Ellie and Fred, are all members of the Ripken team, and what a bunch of supportive teammates they have been.  Another of them, Bill, you know, the serious one, became my team mate on the field with the Orioles and remains my partner and friend in Ripken baseball today.  Just saying his name puts a smile on my face.  And our children, Rachel Marie and Ryan Calvin that not only gave me a whole new understanding of life but they also continue to bring me pride as they continue to grow and meet life's challenges.  I'm so proud to stand here today and tell them how much I love and care for them.  Next to them is the love of my life.  She didn't know anything about baseball or me when we first met, but she has learned and stood by me and supported me throughout our years together.  Kelly, I hope you kno w how much I appreciate your love and your always being there for me.  I love you and I thank you.  Ryan, I might need a little help transporting this (rose given to Kelly Ripken).  My life in baseball has been one giant blessing.  But when I finished play ing, and I say finished playing rather than retired because I felt that I was not at an ending, but rather at another beginning in my life.  I had the opportunity to look back on my playing career and take stock of experience, knowledge and values that cou ld shape the next stage of my life.  Whether it be the last game of the streak or the last day of my playing career, I am a believer that such mile stones open doors of opportunity for new and exciting endeavors.  In the present chapter of my life, I have c reated a company and helped to organize a foundation through which I have taken all that I have learned as a player and translated it into programs to make the young people of today be aspiring players of tomorrow.  And I hope that I set an example for the m as men like Lou Gerhig and the remarkable people seated up here have been for me and so many others.  My opportunity to work with children and their coaches across this great country, and for that matter the world, enables me to tell you first hand that the game of baseball is alive and well.  I see that as we work to help mold another generation of young people into thefuture scholastic players, professional players and even the big leaguers and Hall of Famers of tomorrow.  We all hear about how basebal l imitates life, which held especially true for my dad.  He used to say that everything that happens in baseball happens in life and everything that happens in life happens in baseball.  He certainly taught us about life through baseball.  But I also have to admit that as a young man with a limited view of the world, baseball and life became one for me and it was difficult to see beyond playing the game.  Did you ever stop to think about how your life would unfold or imagine how you would like your life to turn out?  One of those reflective pauses happened in my life when I was around 18 years old.  I thought I had it all figured out, I would play big league baseball until about 45 and then worry about the rest of my life after that.  It took me a little whi le, but I did come to realize that baseball was just one part of my life with the possible exception of this weekend, of course.  This was never more clear to me than when we had children.  I realized that the secret of life is life, and a bigger picture c ame into focus.  Games were and are important, but people and how you impact on them are most important.  While we all work to develop into productive people for our own happiness, it is also vital that we do so for the good of society as a whole.  As I ca me to know the importance of my role in the development of my children, I began to sense the impact I could have on other kids.  It is all about coming to the realization that we all have within us the power to develop and pursue almost anything we set our mind to, and that is the message and opportunity we want to pass to all children.  We are the ambassadors for the future, just as a baseball player wants to leave his mark on the game and leave it a little better than he found it, we should all try to mak e this world a better place for the next generation.  When I realized that I could use baseball to help make life better especially for the kids, baseball became a platform.  By trying to set a good example, I could help influence young people in positive and productive ways.  And some of this became apparent to me in my earliest playing days.  So as my major league career unfolded, I started playing a little more attention to my actions.  I remember when Kenny Singleton showed me a tape of me throwing my h elmet down after a strike out and all he said was, "How does that look?"  I remember learning about a family who saved their money to come to Baltimore to see me play.  I got thrown out in the first inning and their little boy cried the whole game.  I reme mber how I reacted with anger when dad was fired after an oh and six start, and after each of those events and others, I vowed to act better the next time.  Yes, these were only little things, but as dad used to say, if you take care of all the little thing s, you'll never have a big thing to worry about.  As the years passed, it became clear to me that kids see it all, and it's not just some of your actions that influence, it's all of them.  Whether we like it or not as big leaguers, we are role models.  The only question is will we be positive or will it be negative.  Should we put players up on a pedestal and require them to take responsibility?  No.  But weshould encourage them to use their influence positively, to help build up and develop the young peop le who follow the game.  Sport can play a big role in teaching values and principles.  It can be a huge developmental tool for life.  Just think, team work, leadership, work ethic and trust are all part of the game and are also all factors in how we make th e most of our lives.  So an essential part of the job of every player and of all people for that matter is to help the young people of today learn these lessons so they can live better lives tomorrow.  Today, my friend Tony Gwynn and I officially become me mbers of the Hall of Fame, and I congratulate Tony for all that he has achieved.  Tony, I always admired your enthusiasm for the game and your great accomplishments as a hitter, and that same great batting stance you seemed to use day in and day out, somet hing that I could never be accused of doing.  And congratulations to Rick Hummel and Denny Matthews as well.  But this day and all that it represents shouldn't be just about us or even about all these great Hall of Famers up here.  Today is about celebratin g the best that baseball has been and the best it can be.  I realize what I'm about to say is ironic since I'm often known for the consecutive games streak that helped define my career and my approach to the game, the streak is marked by a number, a start and an end, but I can assure you it was not accomplished with a view to a given number or end point, and I certainly wasn't aware when I started in this game where it would lead me.  You see, I truly believe there are no endings, just points at which we be gin again, as players do 162 times a season and if they are lucky, a few more times each fall.  And finally, as I experience another new beginning with this induction, I can only hope that all of us, whether we have played on the field or been fans in the stands, can reflect on how fortunate we are and can see our lives as new beginnings that allow us to leave this world a bit better than when we came into it.  Thank you.
TONY GWYNN : Thank you.  I love you too.  Thank you.  I'll say thank you to Jane Clark, Dale Petroskey, Jeff Idelson and Kim Bennett.  Our stay here has been tremendous.  For the first Hall of Fame to see this many people, riding on the bus I was listening to the other Hall of Famers on the bus that they couldn't remember a time seeing this many people, so for us four guys to come here for the first time on induction weekend and see so many people here, we cannot begin to say thank you enough.  So thank you.  Can I call a time out here, because I need my notes here because I'm going to struggle.  Hold up. They've been telling me all day it's my day.Commissioner Selig, thank you.  I want to congratulate Denny and Rick on being here today.  Cal, the last six - and - a - half months, I'm telling you, it' s been unbelievable being able to hang out with you.  My congratulations to you and your family, to everybody and their family.  For me, this story kind of begins in Long Beach, California.  As a kid growing up, my brothers and I watched baseball all the t ime, played it all the time in our back yard, and for us, I don't think any of us thought that hitting a fig or hitting a sock ball or hitting a wad of tape was going to turn into this.  Just unbelievable.  With my brother, my older brother Charles, he kin d of led the charge.  He was kind of the first guy to get out, and every day Chris and I would sit at home waiting for him to come back to tell us whether he had won or not, and for like 16 straight games, they won.  And that first time that he came home i n the championship game and they lost, Chris and I were crushed, but it kind of taught us a lesson in that if you want something and you want to compete and you want to be successful, you've got to get out there and you've got to try.  You're never going t o find out sitting at home.  And Chris and I were sitting at home.  And so the next year I was old enough to go out and start playing myself.  And in the course of playin g, you run into or you have the good fortune to play for some good coaches, and for me I played for three little league coaches that are very important to me, Nick Ortega, Joe Perruico and his dad, we called him Mr. P because his name was Isadore and as kids we had trouble saying Isadore so we called him Mr. P.  With those guys they really kind of taught us a foundation with us about the fundamentals of the game.  Later on I would go on to p lay basketball.  And basketball is a lot different sport, it's constant motion.  And three coaches again, Jim Ferguson and Ron Palmer and Errol Parker, t hose three guys kind of left me with some information that would help me when I got to this level.  And then from there it was on to San Diego State , and I went there on a basketball scholarship, believe it or not.  I know people are out there sitting at h ome shaking their heads like these guys up here are shaking their heads, you went there on a basketball scholarship?  Played there four years, played varsity four years, and Tim Vezie was my first coach there and he told me that as a point guard your job i s to make sure that everybody on the floor, all your teammates are better players.  And again, words that he's trying to teach me how to play the game of basketball, but later on would have a huge impact on what I would later become.  At the same time, the reason why I went to San Diego State is so that I could play baseball also, and I played for a guy there by the name of Jim Dietz, and Jim Dietz is a baseball man.  He's a fundamental man.  He wants you to bat the bases up, hit your cutoff, do all the littl e things in the game of baseball that when you get to this level, all of a sudden those words that my little league coaches, my basketball coaches and now in college, my college coaches, they came into play.From there, June 6th, June 6th is a very import ant date in my life because June 6th is the day that I met my bride Alicia Lorraine Church, and from that point on, my life was pretty much set because we were partners in this.  We were going to go, she was going to let me go out and play baseball and she was going to raise our children, and I get constantly reminded of this once I got to the big leagues, because getting to the big leagues, I don't want to say it's easy, but once you get here, the object is to stay here.  And my wife a allowed me to go kin d of chase my dreams.  She allowed me to go out and spend all the time I could trying to be the best baseball player that I could be, and I'm saying it now because I'm trying to stay in order.  Honey, I'll get back to you at the end.  Two days later, June 8 th, 1981 , I got drafted in the morning by the San Diego Padres, Jack McKeon who I saw here yesterday is the reason I was drafted by the Padres.  The whole time I thought I was going to be an Astro and out of the blue the Padres called me in the morning wan ting to know what my middle name was, and because I hadn't heard of them all year I thought oh, Lord I'm going to be wearing a brown uniform.  I signed with the -- I also got drafted by the Clippers later on in that afternoon and I don't think we'll ever s ee a guy get drafted in two sports on the same day, two different sports on the same day because the drafts have become shows themselves as we found out this year with Major League baseball, we had our own draft show and it was pretty cool.  I signed with the Padres, I went off to Walla Walla , Washington, and that year in 1981 the big league teams were on strike and so teams, what they did was they didn't want to just hand out a free paycheck, they sent the coaches off to the minor league spots, and so in W alla Walla, Washington the two coaches they sent to me was Frank Howard, who was the manager of the Padres at that time and Bobby Tolan who was the hitting coach.  And after signing with the Padres, after playing three years at San Diego State using an alum inum bat my concern going to pro ball was would I be able to swing a wood bat?  Would I be able to generate enough bat speed to make it at this level?  And Bobby Tolan assured me I would be able to do that and he promptly took me out on the field, gave me a Fungo bat and said here, I'm going to flip you some balls and take your swing.  That day I hit balls further than I ever hit in my life.  I really thought this game was going to be easy and he reassured me he wasn't.  The three guys I played with three gu ys off that Walla Walla team that eventually made it to the big leagues, one was a guy by the name of Greg Booker who I know is text messaging right now as I speak.  The other one is a guy that I think a lot of you guys probably know, he's on Baseball Toni ght probably three, four times a week, Johnny Kruk, and all three of us when they signed were three of the most quietest people you'd ever want to meet.  None of us really knew what the heck we were doing, we were going to play pro ball we were riding on t hese buses and for the first time we were away from home, and we got out on the road and we kind of made a pact with each other that we were going to try our best to get to the big leagues and have some success.  And so from there, again , you get started i n your minor league career and you have some success right away.  I started out in Walla Walla, Washington which is the NorthwestLeague which is A ball, got off to a pretty good start.  Jack Krol was the manager of the club and he said Tony, and I didn't believe him when he said it, he said, "Tony, you're too good for this league we are going to have to move you up a notch."  And me being inexperienced with pro ball said, "Why, Jack.  I'm having a good time, why do I have to move up?"  He said, "You want t o get to the big leagues, don't you?"  I said, "Yes." "Then we have to move you up."  I went from low A to AA to Amarillo, Texas.  You follow these little credoes in this game, and at the time in the minor leagues they said if you can have success in the AA level, you can have success in the big leagues.  I was only at Amarillo and I hit .462 so going into the winter I was pretty convinced that given the opportunity, I could do good in the big leagues.  Later on that year I got a chance to meet a guy I ido lized as a kid and would have an opportunity to play against as a professional, and that was Rod Carew.  The Padres and the Angels, we shared complexes and I heard earlier in the day Rod Carew was going to come out and speak to the Angel players, and becau se I was a Padre I wasn't allowed and so what I did was I kind of hid and listened to his whole spiel on how to bunt to the Angel guys, which by the way, Rod, I don't think any of those guys were listening to you like I was.  Got an opportunity to talk to, got an opportunity like I have with a lot of these guys sitting here today, had an opportunity to talk to them, asked them about their craft, how they do what they do.  One thing about the game of baseball, if you want something, you can't be afraid to as k, and as a lot of these guys will tell you, I pestered the heck out of a lot of these guys.  So I had the opportunity to talk to him and he gave me some really great advice, be yourself, hit the ball where it's pitched, work the count, hit a ball in the s trike zone.  That was all stuff I would carry on with me to the big leagues.  And then once I got to the big leagues, there was a cardinal rule when you got to the big leagues, keep your eyes and ears open, keep your mouth shut, and I did that a lot.  I ke pt my mouth shut.  I laughed a lot because laughter I learned later on would be that thing that would disarm people.  And so 1982 my first year in the big leagues, I'm getting a taste of what big league baseball is all about and I love it.  Couple years la ter, 1983, c oming back from a wrist injury, I hadn't had a whole lot of time, I got hurt playing winter ball, missed half of the season, a turning point I think in my career, and that was in June of 1983 I was struggling, I was struggling bad, I was hittin g .220 and we were on the road and I called home and I asked my wife, I said, "Honey, do you think you could hit the record button for me?"  And we had an eight month old, our son Anthony was eight month old, he was running around the house in diapers, tea ring everything up, pulling everything off the tables, just a real active child.  And luckily for me my wife said yes, she hit the record button and from the time I came home from that trip to the day I retired, I was a big believer in video.  I would not be standing here today without video, and again, my wife hit the button and all of a sudden, it just opened up a new avenue for me because I learned at this level, it's about knowing what you do when you get in that batter's box, it's about knowing how the y are going to pinch hit, how they are going to play you, how they are going to attack you, and you have the game plan to try to attack them because pitchers have the ball in their hand and they feel like they are dictating the action, but I can guarantee you there's some guys on this podium today who maybe won't yell it out, but you know what, when they had the bat inthe hand they kind of dictated the action.  For me it was a whole lot more fun because I really didn't hit the ball out of the ball park.  S ome pitchers would stand on the mound and look at me and say he's not going to strike out, he's going to put the ball in place and I would take advantage of that.  So video really helped me to learn that.  1984 was really a good year for us, for the Padres .  We had some veteran guys in our club, a Steve Garvey, a Goose Gossage, a Craig Nettles and I was the fortunate one because my locker was right in the middle of all those guys, of Garvey, of Terry Kennedy, Bruce Bochy and Craig Nettle, and every day they talked about baseball and how the game was played and the things you need to do and how to go about your business.  And for me Steve Garvey was great, he gave me good advice, he gave me the kind of advice that a young player can take and try to run with i t, so I did.  I really tried to emulate some of the things that Garv told me.  He said, "Stay on an even keel."  He said, "Never get too high, too low, just go about your business, go about your business the right way."  And that's what I tried to do.  '84 was also my first al l star game and another kind of break through moment for me because you walk into that all star locker room for the first time and you're seeing all these names, Mike Schmidt, Ozzie Smith, all these names, and you just don't feel like y ou belong.  And my locker just happened to be between Ozzie Smith and Mike Schmidt and they welcomed me in, come on kid have a seat, just like these Hall of Famers, come on in kid, have a seat.  But you know that being in an all star game there was still a whole lot more to learn about the game.  One thing I learned about Ozzie that year at the all star game was that if I made any more all star games, I wanted my locker to be next to his and the reason why, because he laughed.  He laughed all the time.  And when you laugh and you can laugh at yourself and laugh at others, that makes the game a whole lot easier to play.  So every time I made an all star team, I was like put my locker next to Ozzie's locker because Ozzie can stir it up, really.  He's one of the best I've ever seen at stirring it up and I know he's making faces because I know something's coming later.  One other guy I'd like to mention because I think our careers kind of paralleled, and that's Wade Boggs.  Wade Boggs was the guy in the American L eague that put the numbers on the board and the guy that I tried to emulate because we had a similar style, we did similar things, but he was in the American League and I was in the National League and the things that he was doing on the field, that's what I wanted to do.  And pretty much from tha t point until 1992, things were like a pretty good player, a guy that really didn't hit the ball out of the ball park.  You've got your hits, you did your thing, and then in 1992, earlier in the year, I had a chanc e to sit down with Joe Morgan and we were talking about hitting and I was asking him about when the weather gets hot, do you lighten the weight on your bat, some hitting questions, and Joe could tell I really was intrigued about the art of hitting the base ball and he said, "You know what, Tony, at some point you need to sit down with Ted Williams." And later on in 1992 at the all star game I had a chance to sit down with Ted Williams, and I've got to tell you the reason why he made such a huge impact in my career I think isthat growing up my father talked about Ted Williams all the time, he had two guys, Ted Williams and Jackie Robinson.  My brothers and I, we had Ted Williams' book, that thing had all kinds of notes and pictures and diagrams in it.  I'd b een in the big league for 11 years and I wanted an opportunity to meet Ted Williams.  The first time I had a bat in my hand.  He said, "Hey, Tony, how you doing?  Give me your bat."  I gave him my bat and he started picking his teeth with it.  And if you'r e worth your salt as a hitter, your mind starts to race, it starts to tick and really what Ted really made me do, he made me think about the art of hitting a baseball.  I've got to tell you he was a great man, but he was ornery when it came to hitting a ba seball and I used to ask him, "Ted, you've got four guys on the right side of the field, why would you hit the ball the other way?"  "I wasn't going to let those guys beat me."  And that stubbornness, that feistiness I think kind of rubbed off on me and fr om that point in 1992 to the end of my career, as far as I'm concerned I was a much better hitter.  I've never been a home run guy, never been a big RBI guy, but from that point to the end of my career I was much better at it.  August 6, 1993, another ki nd of water shed moment for me, it's my mom's birthday, August 6th, and I got my 2,000th hit on August 6, 1993 and for the first time I think as a player I honestly thought about if I could get a thousand more, I'd have a chance of going to the Hall of Fame.  I was standing on first base with Gerald Clark, a former Padre, and the Padres, we didn't have many people get to the 2,000, as a matter of fact we hadn't had any get to the 2,000 mark, and we tended to kind of go overboard, the video, the fire works, th e messages from people across the league.  And I remember standing at first base telling Gerald, "Man, I've got to get a thousand more."  This is great, don't get me wrong, I'm happy to get to this point, you've got to get to this point to get to the next point, but to me hitting a 3,000 was going to kind of get me where I needed to go.  It was going to kind of justify the type of hitter that I was.  And so that's the first time I honestly thought I might have a chance to get here.  '98, we just had a treme ndous team in 1 998.  We were lucky enough to get to the World Series, won our division, beat the Astros, beat the Braves and happened to play the best team maybe in the history of the game, 1998, the Yankees, and getting to Yankee stadium for me is still o ne of the biggest thrills of my life, being able to walk out there with the monuments, seeing the history, the retired numbers, seeing the guys who kind of paved the way for us to get here.  And then 2001, October 9th, 2001 , that was the day I retired and I thought that I had a chance to get here and wasn't sure but that day, it dawned on me that you know what, you've had a pretty good career, people have enjoyed what you've done, and for me, what a day, what a day that was, and it's a lot like today.  You don't expect it, because I never really looked at what I did as being anything special.  I loved the game.  I think that's why you guys are here today, because you love the game, you have a passion for it.  I have a passion for it.  I still have a passion for it.  I just don't play any more.  I love teaching, I love wha t I'm doing now and I'm now the baseball coach at San Diego State, this is my fifth year, actually it's going to be my sixth th year, and I truly love what I do.  I'm a big believer in whatev er you want, if you want something out of this game,you've got to put the work in it.  You've got to work hard.  My father said you work hard, good things will happen.  Boy oh, boy he was absolutely right.  I worked hard in the game because I had to.  I wa sn't talented enough to just get by on a billing.  I really had to work at it.  I had to do the video stuff.  I had the extra hit.  I had to go about my business and do things the way I did.  I think people, we make a big deal about work ethic.  We make a b ig deal about trying to make good decision and doing things right, and you know what, we are supposed to.  That is what they pay us for.  When you sign your name, I'm a big believer when you sign your name on a dotted line, there's more than just playing th e game of baseball.  I think if you look out here today, you see all these people out here today, they love the game too and there's a responsibility when you put that uniform on that those people, the people who pay to go watch you play, you're responsibl e, you've got to make good decisions and show people how things are supposed to be done.  I played for one organiza tion, the San Diego Padres, and when this day started out today, I thought I was going to go third.  I thought I was going to get to hear wha t other people said about their towns and their cities.  I only know one way, that's the Padre way.  I wore brown, I wore the brown and gold, I wore the blue and orange.  I didn't get a chance to wear the sand and whatever color blue you want to call that, but I'm proud as heck to be a San Diego Padre.  I played for one team, I played in one town.  I told the people of San Diego when I left to come to Cooperstown, they were going to be standing up here with me, so I hope they are just as nervous as I am, be cause this is a tremendous honor to be here today.  There's some people that I want you to meet.  When I first started, I played for Ray and Joan Kroc, and both are deceased now, but Linda Ardell, their daughter, is here today.  Thank you for coming.  Next in line was Tom Werner, and the group of 13 or 14 or however many owners we had, Tom is one of the owners of the Boston Red Sox.  I don't know if he's here today, but John and Becky Moores, the best owners in baseball, thank you for being there for me.  J ohn Junior and Jennifer, I know you're here somewhere today too, thank you.  The community service team with the Padres, we did a lot of good work, didn't we, we did a lot of good work and we will continue to do good work.  Thank you.  And all the fans tha t hav e made this trek all the way to Cooperstown.  I can't begin to thank you.  I know some of you were in a bus, some of you drove in your cars.  I see the brown and gold, I see the orange and blue.  Again, thank you for coming.  You guys, I've got a time limit.  These guys are on me like a hawk.  I've got to finish because we don't want to get rained on out here.  My mom, she came with us t oday.  She came with us on this trip, but the whole time that we have been here, she's been a little bit under the we ather, so mom, I know you're watching on TV.  I love you.  Thank you for coming.  Don't feel bad about not being here.  We love you and I'm glad you could make the trip with us.  My father passed in 199 3 and this would be an event he would love to be at.  He would love it.My older brother Charles is here with his two daughters Danielle and Clarice, Chris my younger brother and his wife Joanne and their son and daughter Josh and Mya, thank you guys for coming.  And then my family, my wife who again, I woul d not be standing here today without her.  Honey, I love you.  Thank you.  My son is here.  He made it yesterday.  Him and his wife Alees, thank you guys for coming.  I'm going to be a grandpa in October for the first time so that child's got no chance, he' s got no chance.  And my daughter Anisha sang the Canadian Anthem and the National Anthem.  You guys, I'm so proud of you guys, I really am.  Your mom did a wonderful job and I kind of rode in on the back end.  You guys make me so proud just watching the w ay you handle.  Being a son of a major league player is sometimes a difficult thing, but you guys have always handled it great.  And the rest of my family, a nd that's you guys, that's the fans.  My adopted family, especially my fans from San Diego.  It was 20 years and I had a blast, I had a blast.  I truly enjoyed it, but it wouldn't have been nearly as much fun if you hadn't been as supportive as you were, so I say thank you for all of our fans sitting at PetCo park in the morning, thank you to the fans w ho made the trek, thank you to the fans who are here to see everybody.  I say thank you because you know what, for the rest of my life when I come here to the Hall of Fame and I look out and I see as many people as I see here today, I can say in our first time here, our first Hall of Fame weekend, the people were lined up way, way back through the trees, so thank you, everyone.  Thank you very much.  I really appreciate it.  Thank you.
JERRY WATKINS: It's a tremendous honor for me to be on the stage with these Hall of Fame ball players.  Many of you have given me hours of enjoyment, and some of you have just broken my heart with a well pitched game or a timely hit.  But I respect every one of you for what you've accomplished.  In fact, any time I have to create a pin number online, I don't have to think twice.  26, 31, 23 or 10.  those numbers.  My pin number will include the numbers 14, See, I'm a Cub fan and every Cub fan knows 14 is Ernie Banks, 26 is Billy Williams, 31 is Fergie Jenkins, 23 is Ryno, and 10 is Ron Santo.  And even before Ron Santo joined that group as a member of the Hall of Fame, and even before his number 10 flew from the left field foul pole at Wrigley Field, I always included him because in my heart I believed he belonged and one day would be a member of the Hall of Fame.  But I have to tell you the truth, in my heart I never believed this day would come, the day that we would stand here together and honor my great grandfather James Deacon White as a member of the Baseball Hall of Fame.  You've got to remember, Cub fans are really good at waiting.  On behalf of my entire family, of which there's almost 50 here today, I'd like to thank the Hall of Fame for this great honor and for being a great host to us this weekend.  Specifically, I'd like to thank the pre-integration veteran's committee for voting James White a member of the Baseball Hall2 of Fame.  I'd like to thank the many individuals and organizations that have championed his candidacy over the years, specifically the Society for American Baseball Research and Peter Morris and Joe Williams, who both were long-time supporters of James White.  And on a personal note, I would be remiss if I didn't thank my aunt, Betty Watkins Jackson, who is James White's granddaughter and oldest living relative for giving me the honor of speaking here today.  James White was born on December 7th, 1847, not far from here in Canton, New York.  He grew up in the shadows of the Civil War, playing ball with his brother Will and his cousin Elmer, both of whom would become professional ball players.  White played professional ball for 20 seasons for seven different teams, Cleveland Forest Citys, the Boston Red Stockings, the Chicago White Stockings, the Cincinnati Reds, Buffalo Bisons, the Detroit Wolverines and the Pittsburgh Pirates.  He started his career at age 21 and played until he was over 40.  He was a catcher at a time when catchers caught bare handed and stood back from the plate.  White was known for creeping up behind the batter and catching the ball before it hit the ground.  And my dad used to tell me stories of taking his grandfather's hand and holding it, and he said it felt like a tree branch with twisted and knarled fingers from so many years of catching bare handed.3 His long career is marked by many accomplishments.  He's credited with having the first hit in professional baseball, a double in the first game of the National Association, which most baseball historians consider to be the first professional league.  We all know it was a far different game back in the late 1800s, five strikes, eight balls, a foul ball didn't count as a strike and if a foul ball was caught on the fly it didn't count as an out.  The batter even got to tell the pitcher where he wanted the ball.  So comparing statistics with modern day players is pretty much meaningless.  All you can do is compare the statistics to all players who played in that era, and by that standard James White was outstanding.  Twice he led the heat, compiling a lifetime average of .312.  He led the league in RBIs three times.  His last league leading RBI season was 1876, and no catcher would lead the league in RBIs again until 1953 when the great Roy Campanelia did it 77 years later.  And that 1876 season was special.  It was the first year of the National League and White played for the Chicago White Stockings, the first Chicago National League ball club.  And for that reason, I'll always consider my great grandfather to be one of the very first Chicago Cubs.  In fact, the White Stockings won the championship that year and White's team won five consecutive championships after that from 1873 to 1877, and during that span he played on three different teams.4 One of the greatuotes from 19th century baseball was delivered by James White.  In 1889, White and Jack Rowe were sold to Pittsburgh and they refused to report unless they were paid more money.  Eventually they were paid and then when he reported to Pittsburgh, he told a reporter, "We appreciate the money but we ain't worth it.  Row e's arm is gone and I'm over 40, my fielding ain't so good, though I can still hit some.  But I'm going to tell you this, no man is going to sell my carcass unless I get half." Back in the late 1800s, ball players weren't looked up to and revered the way they are today, it was a rough and tumble bunch that played the game and they were known for playing hard both on and off the field.  In fact, as a young man, White proposed marriage to his hometown sweetheart only to have it vetoed by her father because he didn't want his daughter marrying a ball player.  Bet that doesn't happen very often today.  In this era, White was an exception.  He was a devout Christian, a life-long member of the Advent Christian Church.  He was giving the nickname Deacon by his teammates.  Touote an article from 1878 and noted in the Peter Morris book Catchers, "The boys call him Deacon because he reads the Bible, he drinks water and he does not get mad and swear when a red leg drops a ball or an umpire makes a doubtful decision." James White and his wife Marion had one daughter Grace, my5 grandmother.  When Grace was old enough to go to college, James and his wife sent her out west to Mendota, Illinois to a small denominational college, Mendota College.  There she met a farm boy from Wisconsin, fell in love and got married.  And after college, Grace and her husband Roger Watkins started a printing business in Mendota.  When his playing days were over, White and his wife had moved west to Mendota, Illinois and I'm sure part of the motivation was to be near their daughter and her growing family, but it was also an opportunity for him to serve at Mendota College.  Mrs. White served as a house parent while James worked on the grounds.  The college eventually moved to Aurora, Illinois and the whole family moved with it.  James White lived with his daughter and her family in Aurora until his death in 1939 at the age of 91.  Aurora College, now Aurora University, was a significant influence in the life of James White and continues to be a significant influence in the lives of the members of our family.  All four of White's grandchildren, Jim, Marion, Betty and Dan attended the college as did all four of their spouses.  In my generation, eight of his great grandchildren attended Aurora College and my sister Joan today is a part-time instructor.  All this influence can be traced directly back to James White.  His Christian heritage has also been a significant influence in our family.  Many of his grandchildren, great6 grandchildren and even great great grandchildren are deeply involved in Christian causes.  I'm honored to have been allowed to speak here today on behalf of my family.  rest of our lives.  This is a day we will all remember for the In my mind, the only way it could have been better is if my dad were here today to see it.  My dad loved his grandfather, he loved baseball and he loved the Chicago Cubs.  It was his lifelong dream to see his grandfather enshrined into the Baseball Hall of Fame and it was his lifelong dream to see the Cubs play in the World Series.  of them.  Well, Dad, today you got one And we got some good men in Theo and Jeb working on the other one.  If my great grandfather were here today, he would say thank you to the Hall of Fame for this great honor and he would say thank you to each of you for being here, so on his behalf, I say thank you.
DENNIS MCNAMARA: Thank you to Commissioner Selig.  My name is Dennis McNamara, and I'd like to thank Jane Forbes Clark and Jeff Idelson, the Hall of Famers and baseball dignitaries here today.  Also, congratulations to the families of Jacob Rupert and Deacon White, and our numerous honorees.  Hello to baseball supporters everywhere.  Why is some guy named Dennis McNamara standing up here?  Because I'm the oldest living decedent of my granduncle Hank O'Day who's now inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame.  I'd really like now to yell out "Take me out to the ball game" but I'll behave myself.  I wonder, what does all this mean?  recognized at some point.  It means everyone is You may not know it, but recognition does come, perhapsuietly in your every-day life or yes, sometimes a great honor which Hank O'Day is now receiving posthumously 86 years after he finished his long career as an umpire.  Persevere, for you too are or will be recognized.  The O'Day story is a tale of Chicago where Hank lived his entire life.  He was born on 1859 to deaf parents who were Irish immigrants on the west side of the city.  those years before the Civil War.  in Chicago, a real baseball hotbed.  It was farm country in His extended family is still It has two teams with rich histories and has been home to fabulous players such as Banks, Williams, Jenkins, Appling, Fox, Aparacio, Fisk, Double-Duty and my late friend Ron Santo.  It was my pleasure to introduce2 Ronnie to his wife Vickie, who made that beautiful speech last year.  Chicago had Comiskey Park, still has Wrigley Field, fireworks at US Cellular Field and the planned Chicago baseball museum which has the Jerome Holtzman library.  We have a future Hall of Famer in White Sox Chairman Jerry Reinsdorf and a Cubs chairman, Tom Ricketts, who is very committed.  We love our teams even if it took the Sox 88 years to win another World Series and the Cubs are now 105 years and counting.  Hey, as Hall of Fame broadcaster Jack Brickhouse said, "Anybody can have a bad century." So who was this Hank O'Day?  I bet few know he was not only a Hall of Fame umpire but also an accomplished Major League pitcher starting in 1884.  Yes, that's 1884.  the Cincinnati Reds and Chicago Cubs.  Chicagoan to skipper the Cubs.  He also managed He was the first native He's the only man in the history of the National League to play, manage and umpire in full seasons, all during an outstanding five decades in the game.  Uncle Hank first threw his wicked fastball on the Chicago sand lots, and his seven seasons of playing included a spectacular performance for the 1989 World's championship.  that series he had an ERA of 1.17 in 23 innings pitched.  bad.  He earned two victories.  Not bad.  won 22 games before his arm gave out.  In Not The following season, Not bad.  But my granduncle made his biggest impact as an umpire.  In3 1895, he was working as a Cook County Clerk.  to get those county jobs even back then.  We Irish knew how Baseball's brass remembered Hank O'Day had filled in as an umpire years ago and they called him to replace an injured ump.  different time.  Foul because were not strikes, ground-rule doubles were home runs.  covered the entire field.  man.  It was a much Can you believe this?  Only one umpire The owners refused to hire a second Finally, by the time Uncle Hank retired in 1927, two umpires worked each game.  Wow, what big spenders those owners were.  Hank O'Day umpired a then-record ten World Series, including the first modern classic in 1903.  Umpires had too often been victims of violence, and Uncle Hank was instrumental in taking umpires out of the dark ages.  He got all umps the respect and security they needed.  The man was known for his remarkable skill of accurately calling balls and strikes, and for his unrelenting honesty and integrity.  the time.  Back then, home teams won a surprising 61 percent of The lone umpire may have been intimidated by the local crowd, but not Hank O'Day.  Cleveland's manager remarked, "I hate to see O'Day in my home park, but I'm delighted when he's in charge and we're the road team." Honesty and integrity led Uncle Hank to the Hall of Fame.  Hank O'Day's famous moment came when he voided the apparent Giants victory over the Cubs in the infamous Merkle game in4 1908.  That suspended game kept the Cubs alive in the pennant race and they would win their last World Series.  from Chicago, no oneuestioned O'Day.  motive was to get the call right.  Though he was They knew his only In fact, what wasn't known was that he had umpired a game with the same situation only a few weeks earlier and was told by the National League that a key base running rule had to be enforced in the future, which he did in the Merkle game.  His decision has stood the test of time for over a century.  Honesty and integrity make any effort great regardless of the profession.  I was a Chicago police officer for 29 years and I've always been mindful of judges, police officers and the city officials who put their reputations on the line each day with unpopular calls to enforce the rules and laws of our society.  Uncle Hank died seven years before I was born, and yesterday was my 70th birthday and my 39th anniversary, my wedding anniversary.  Uncle Hank died seven years before I was born but he was an almost mythic figure in our family, and his example guided me as a policeman.  too.  It helped future decendents We count among us those who also work in transportation, at advertising, business, education, dining and entertainment.  My daughter Katie has been with the Harry Caray's group for 19 years.  Harry Caray.  How appropriate.  The lesson of Hank O'Day is do your best with honesty and integrity.  It is a lesson known to these Hall of Famers behind5 me and one that might be in the minds of some players not elected.  It will bring to this wonderful destination next year players who did value honesty and integrity such as our stars from Chicago: Frank Thomas, Greg Maddux.  Hopefully Minnie Minoso will join them via the veteran's committee.  Hank O'Day's grandnephew, my brother Rick, is here today as are Hank's great-grandnieces, my daughters Katie, Jodi, Traci, Christi, granddaughter Maggie, grandson John.  loving wife Carol.  And of course my I thank them all for living the ideal begun by our distant relative.  Thanks to the dedicated women and men of the Hall of Fame for everything, and I mean everything -- they got it from A to Z.  You wouldn't believe how it works -- they've done since the voting was announced and to the long-time Chicago sportscaster with a passion for this stuff, Tom Shaer, for all his help.  Most of all, the descendents of Uncle Hank are grateful to the greatest game, baseball, and to its leadership under Commissioner Selig for taking Major League baseball to new heights of popularity, integrity and overall health.  In closing, I urge everyone to visit the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum because this is the game's magnificent destination for professionals and fans.  Here are the best of the best, and I shall always be humbled by the fact that my granduncle Hank O'Day is among them.  tradition.  This is a place of Baseball respects tradition.  Hank O'Day and his6 family have held that tradition true, and I thank you very much.
ANNE VERNON: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you so much for being here to honor my great-granduncle.  I'm sure Uncle Jacob would be extremely proud and honored to know that he was about to become a member of the Baseball Hall of Fame, along with Hank O'Day and Deacon White.  I'd like to give a special thank you to the pre-integration committee for electing Jacob Ruppert to the Class of 2013.  Additionally, I'd like to offer a sincere thank you to Jane Forbes Clark, the chairman of the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum, and all the other very hard working board members.  Also a special thank you to Jeff Idelson, president of the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum, and all the amazing staff that have made myself, my family, my extended friends and cousins just feel amazingly welcome.  It's truly the best experience of our lives.  Also, I want to note that without all these people, I don't think the baseball Hall of Fame would be what it is, which is an extraordinary resource and a goal for people from all corners of the world to strive for, whether it's a visit or eventually to become a member.  I'm extremely honored to be in Cooperstown at the Baseball Hall of Fame as a representative for my family to honor the Colonel.  My great-granduncle Jacob was born about 90 years before myself in 1867.  Unfortunately I never had the opportunity to know him, however, stories were told about the2 New York Yankees and my energetic uncle, and they were told to all of us at a very early age.  I'm related to Jacob Ruppert through my grandmother, Cornelia Ruppert, who was a niece to Jacob Ruppert.  Oma, as we called her, married my grandfather Murray Vernon, and it was through my Grandmother Cornelia, my Grandfather Murray, my father Ruppert Vernon, who is deceased, and my Uncle Murray Vernon, who is alive but unfortunately can't be here due to illness, in Georgia, we were told all stories about my granduncle and they were rather exciting, sometimes colorful and always energetic.  It was a wonderful opportunity as young children to hear about it.  I'm going to talk to you about my point of views growing up as a child and myself as a parent with the Yankees and how it really affected our family and baseball.  My grandfather used to take me and my two younger siblings, Ruppert and Rosamund, without our parents fishing when we were very, very young.  The best fishing trips were always during the fall, during play-off season and of course in the midst of the World Series .  Pop-Pop, as we called him, would pack his Jacob Knickerbocker beer for himself, Coke-a-cola for his three grandkids, ham and Swiss cheese sandwiches, rotisserie chicken and Pepperidge Farm cookies.  We would then anchor the boat in auiet little spot so Pop-Pop could turn on the radio right away and catch the game and maybe a few fish.  There was no talking when the game was3 on, though we could cheer when the crowd cheered and the announcer discussed things and told us to yell from the stands.  We could also cheer if we caught a fish that was bigger than the last one.  My grandfather would keep a careful eye on us but a keen ear to the radio broadcaster.  Such amazing cherished memories of baseball.  My children, all four of them, played T-ball, little league, furthermore I dare to say they were as talented in this wonderful area of baseball as my great-granduncle Jacob was deemed; they were average in this area but they loved it.  One memory that stands out among the countless years of being a baseball mom was attending the first day of little league for my oldest son Nicholas when he was about, I think, in 7th grade.  The young players had gathered at their field, the parents were gathered there with the boys for the first practice, and in walked the coach.  The coach introduced himself and told us his story which according to my recollection goes this way: Coach explained that he was born in Vietnam and came back at the end of the war.  his life.  Then he went on to explain how baseball saved As a young child, he lived as an adopted child moving from place to place and wasn't always welcome from a child from that time in that background but, however, he was a veryuick runner, a hard worker, a decent batter and it was through baseball he was able to make friends and learned a lot about life.  The coach then went on to explain how baseball taught him4 everything he ever needed to know to succeed, team work, self-confidence and working through slumps.  Then he used a beautiful analogy, which I'm sure I will not get as accurately, about how each position on the team teaches you something, and each boy by the way would learn and try each position.  He really wanted to teach these young athletes about the game and how to grow as young men in this world.  Next, the coach told the boys that they had to make the personal commitment to their team, it was the boys' responsibility to get to and from practice and to work hard, a different perspective compared to some coaches today I venture to say.  An amazing coach who really made a big difference in my family and our son's life.  What an amazing game, baseball.  And as we all know, many players, professional and sandlot learn numerous, numerous lessons through playing baseball.  In closing, as the representative for my uncle, I want to thank you all, my family, my friends, the audience, the fans, especially the ones here cheering for the New York Yankees, yeah Yankees, past Hall of Fame classes, the pre-integration committee, Jane Forbes Clark, the entire board of directors of the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum, Jeff Idelson and the staff of National Baseball Hall of Fame for bestowing this great, great honor to my great granduncle Jacob Ruppert, Junior, and thank you all so very, very much for listening to me.  And5 have a great day.  All the best.  Thank you.
BOBBY COX:  A few years ago, I was sitting with Steve Stone, the broadcaster for the Chicago White Sox at an A rizona Fall League game, and this guy comes up and says, "Steve, can I have your autograph?" He says, "Sure," and he signs it.  And he says, "Hey, you don't want Bobby's autograph?" And the guy just stared at me.  And he said, "Yeah, I know you.  You'r e that guy from Atlanta that gets thrown out all the time, right?" And I said, yeah, that's me.  But Lasorda, if he hadn't have quit so early in his career, he wouldn't have the record that I've got now.  I can honestly say that I got a long really well with the men in blue, and I have all the respect in the world for them.  I'm truly humbled to stand here before you in Cooperstown with two men that pitch ed for me and two managers that made my life as a manager so challenging, and a hitter that we never d id figure out how to pitch to him.  To Tom Glavine, Greg Maddux, and I have to mention, the third member of the big three, John Smoltz, I can honestly say I would not be standing here today if it weren't for you guys.  Together, these guys earned six Cy Y oung awards by wearing a Braves uniform.  I would be remiss if I didn't tell a Glavine a Maddux story, and it won't take very long.  They have heard them before, but only not too long ago, okay.  Anyway, since I've been voted in the Hall of Fame, I've go tten a lot of compliments on what a smart manager I am, or was.  And not so smart all the time.  Tommy Glavine is pitching this game and as usual, it's tight and late, and I'm looking at the situation, runners on second and third, two outs.  At least that' s what I'm seeing.  I go out to the mound and I said, "Hey, Tommy," Chipper comes, in the other infielders.  And I said, " What do you think?  Why don't we just watch this guy instead of pitching around him?" He said, "Skip, that's one of the better ideas you've had in the last month, but where are we going to put him?" So I looked at third, looked at second, there's runners there and I glance over at first, happens to be a runner there, too.  (Laughter.) So I said, "Look, if this gets out to the press t omorrow, each one of you are going to be fined a thousand dollars."  (Laughter.) Greg Maddux was the only pitcher that made me nervous when he started a ballgame.  Before the game started, he would always come to where I was sitting just below the dugout and give me this list of situations that might come up during the course of a ballgame, and I had to remember all these things.  So we're late in the game, and I'm thinking to myself, this is one of those situations that Greg wanted me to help him out wit h.  So there's runners at second and third, two outs and a base open, and I remember that darn situation.  So I tell Leo Mazzone, "I'm going to go out and check on Maddux."  I get out to the mound and I say, "Mad Dog, is this the guy you want to pitches t o and then walk him?" He says, "Yeah, don't you remember, Bobby?" I said, "Yeah, what are you trying to do, Mad Dog?" He says, "I'm trying to pop him up to Chipper Jones at third base on the second pitch." And you know what?  He did just that.  So, a nyway.  I was lucky in my career working for great baseball people.  So John Schuerholz, my general manager and now president of the Braves, who gave us the players to win 14 straight divisional titles.  I can only say, hope to see you here soon, John.  Because of free agency and monetary restraints on some clubs, it's difficult for players to stay with one organization his entire career.  But Chipper Jones did that.  Chipper, you'll be standing here soon.  And thank you for everything you've done for the Braves organization, and thanks to all the players, coaches, scouts, trainers, clubbies and front office personnel that passed through Atlanta and helped make the Braves organization what it is today.  Thanks to Bill Lucas, Ted Turner, Bill Bartholomay, T erry McGuirk, Stan Kasten and Paul Snyder, thank you for believing in me when they hired me, even though I had no Major League experience.  I also want to add thanks to Pat Gillick and Paul Beeston, who I worked for in Toronto.  When you talk about enjoyi ng your job and having fun, too, these two guys were the very best.  I also want to thank all of our family, friends, Braves fans that made the journey here today.  And to the fans back in Atlanta at Turner Field watching this on the big screen, thanks fo r sticking with us all these years.  I had an awesome dad, mom, and my sister, Joy.  My father had five brothers and six sisters who loved the game of baseball.  In fact, they formed the first little league and Babe Ruth leagues in my hometown of Selma, C alifornia, and that place is on the map because Tom Seaver lived ten miles up the road from me.  My father made my first pair of spikes out of an old pair of shoes.  I know they are watching from above today and I will say this:  If there is a game going on at the same time as this ceremony, I will guarantee you that my father is switching the TV back and forth and second guessing both managers (Laughter.) I always dreamed of being a ballplayer.  I had elbow surgery and missed my senior year of baseball.  I was sitting at home thinking of a couple of scholarships that I still had left when there was a knock on the door.  I opened the door and I didn't recognize the guy.  He said, "I'm Red Adams, and I'm a scout for the Los Angeles Dodgers.  And somebody a round this city," he said, "somebody told me that you just might make a ballplayer." Red took me to Los Angeles to work out and things were going really good.  He pulled me aside one day and he said, "Look, Al Campanis, our scouting director, is coming t o the workout tomorrow, and he's going to stand behind the cage and give the signals what to throw to you." He said, "Now, look, when I windup, and you see no white, it's a fastball.  And if you see white when I windup, it's a breaking ball." I said, "Good."  So we start the batting practice.  I see white, it's a breaking ball, boom, line drive, over the fence.  I see no white, it's a fastball, line drives.  This goes on for about five minutes.  And Al said, "Okay, boys, shower up and meet me in my of fice." Well, anyway, I signed a nice contract that day and my dream came true.  I'm playing for the New York Yankees eight years later and I get this letter in the mail with Dodger stationary on it.  I opened it and there was a check inside with a note t hat said, "Enclosed, please find check for $2,500 as an incentive bonus for reaching the Major Leagues.  And P.S. I know what you and Red were up to at that workout."  Sincerely, Al Campanis.  Two of my favorite people in baseball were Ralph Houck and Lee McPhail.  If not for them I would never have managed a professional baseball game.  They gave me the opportunity to become a manager.  And this has been really a great ride for all these seasons.  Every one with a changing cast characters and every up wit h full of memories.  I'll never forget the '91 season, and not too long after that, '95 when we went to the World Series and got all the way past Cleveland in that series.  But the first one in '91 was so special, also.  In closing, I want to salute Hall of Fame president Jeff Idelson, one of the nicest men around in baseball, and his entire staff here in Cooperstown, and also our host at historic Otesaga Hotel.  It belongs in a Hall of Fame all by itself.  And last but certainly not least, my wonderful w ife , and our children for their unwavering support, even though I spent half the year on the road and the other half at the ballpark, virtually between Valentine's day and to the end of the World Series.  I would like to introduce my wife , and my two sons, Randy and Bobby, Jr., and my beautiful daughters, Debbie, Connie, Shelly and Skyla, and Keisha and Kami who are watching at home.  I love you all and thanks for holding down the for t together, guys.  In my wildest dreams did I ever think this could happe n, but I'm sure glad it did.  Thank you.
FRANK THOMAS:  Give me a second (cheering).  Thank you, Mr.  Commissioner, Ms.  Jane Forbes Clark.  Today I wo uld like to thank the National Baseball Hall of Fame and the baseball writers for selecting me as a first ballot selection in this 2014 Hall of Fame class.  I'm so humbled and honored to be a part of this historic ballot class of first ballot Hall of Famer s. To share the stage in front of all the legendary men who made the game better for us all I'm speechless.  I want to personally thank you all for being great role models and making this great game what it is today. H ard work, dedication and commit ment. N o short cuts to success thanks for having me in your Club.  I would like to thank my parents Charlie Mae Thomas and the late Frank Thomas, Sr., for giving me the love and support that keep me involved in team sports in a lovely town Columbus, Georgia.  I would also like to thank my parents for working so hard to instill core values to make the best of life. We didn't have much but my parents worked tireless for me and my four siblings.  Frank Sr., I know you're watching and smiling from heaven. Without you , I know 100 percent I wouldn't be here in Cooperstown today.  Thanks for pushing me and always preaching to me:  You can be someone special if you really work at. I took that to heart, Pops. Look at us today. We're a long way from Columbus, Georgia.  Mom, thanks for hanging in there and believing in the same vision.  I know it wasn't easy, but I thank you for the motherly love and support.  Raising all of us was tough, but you and Dad made sure we made it. You guys made it look easy for us. I thank you and I love you, Mom.  I would now like to thank my beautiful wife, Megan, and my five wonderful children:  Sterling, Sloan, Sydney, Frankie and Ashleigh Kate for making life so unforgettable for me. I know all five of you are different, and all five of you c omplete me day by day.  That's what makes me feel so blessed.  You guys are my everything.  There are no words to describe how much I love you guys.  I especially want to say thanks, Megan, for coming into my life 15 years ago.  When we met life was throwin g me a curveball at the time, one I could not hit.  But meeting you really put pep in my step and made me believe in love again.  I thank you for teaching me the value of family first. You took my three older kids immediately as your own and changed my wor ld forever. I know this wasn't easy but you proved your love for me from day one. I'm so blessed to be married to such a wonderful person. You complete me; I love you baby.  I would like to thank my siblings for all the love and support.  My older sister, Gloria, Mary, Sharon and Michael. I can't name all my extended family and friends, I know you here today and I love you guys, but thank you for coming.  My older brother, Michael, thanks for being my best friend and for always having my back.  Mike World, I can tell you everything and you always have advice for me some good some and some bad, but thanks for being honest.  I love you, Bro.  In life, you have infrastructure.  I would like to thank my team who has kept me grounded and in touch with reality fr om day one.  First, the late Robert Fraley.  I know you're not here, my friend, but thanks for watching my career and giving me professional guidance you gave me.  It's priceless.  Robert, you once said to me, "Life is not fair.  You have to work hard and earn your respect."  You were so right.  I thank you for being honest with me.  I know you're somewhere in heaven directing traffic because that's what true leaders do.  I would like to thank Frank Bumstead.  I thank you for becoming my father figure in my life after I lost my father.  Robert Fraley introduced us, and without you, I have no clue where I would be today.  I love you, man.  Taryn Anderson, thank you for dealing with me on a daily basis, keeping me straight.  I appreciate everything you do, because I know it's not easy.  Thank you.  And Lisa Rybicki, I thank you for managing my life for 16 long years.  Without you, my career could have fell off a long time ago.  I thank you for keeping everyone in check.  You did a wonderful job.  Thank you, Lisa.  Also like to thank Arn Tellum and Joel Wolf for picking up the pieces later in my career and guiding me to new beginnings in Oakland and Toronto.  I thank you guys.  Now, I would like to thank the Chicago White Sox organization for drafting me in to professional baseball.  Special thanks to Jerry Reinsdorf, Eddie Einhorn, Larry Himes, Al Goldis and Mike Rizzo for taking a chance on a kid from a small town with many big dreams.  Jerry, thanks for a long and wonderful ride in that Chicago White Sox uniform.  You did a lot for me and you still mean a lot to me.  Thank you, my friend.  Also I would like to thank all my general managers and managers along the way in Chicago:  Ron Schuler, Danny Evans, Jeff Torborg, Gene Lamont, Terry Bevington, Kenny W illiams, Jerry Manuel and Ozzie Guillen.  Jerry Manuel, and a special thanks to Ozzie Guillen, 11 years as a teammate, three years as a manager, and I can thank you for getting me my only ring, because we had that special bond for many years.  I thank you, Ozzie, thank you very much.  Special thanks goes out to Ken Hawk Harrelson.  Hawk thanks for penning me the Big Hurt.  Your nickname for me really changed my life forever.  Also like to thank you for being a friend and a source of guidance all those yea rs on the plane through the ups and downs, through the good and bad times, it was priceless picking your brain, thank you, Hawk.  I would like to thank the Oakland A's and Toronto Blue Jays for believing in me as a free agent and signing me into their org anizations.  Lou Wolf, Billy Beane, Dave Forrest, thanks for taking a chance on me, twice.  That 2000 season was magical.  Without it, I doubt I would be speaking here today.  JP Richardi, Alex Anthopoulos, I thank you and the wonderful Toronto organizati on for bringing me to Toronto.  Hitting No.  500 in that Blue Jay uniform was a dream.  Thank you for taking a chance on a 39 - year - old, I really appreciate that.  In my career, I had so many magical moments in all three organizations.  I will always be tha nkful for all of you.  I would like to thank all the coaches who really made me tick and put in many hours of hard work with me.  You know I couldn't forget you guys.  Bobby Howard, I know you're here somewhere, it started with you.  You made me grow up i n a hurry.  Your no - nonsense approach to the game was needed at an early age.  Winning as the only option.  You preached that and you made me work for it.  Playing for you set my foundation for life.  Love you and I thank you.  I would like to thank Pat D ye, Jay Jacobs, Hal Baird I became a man and you guys pushed me to new heights and instilled toughness and a will to win that I really never knew existed.  Coach Barrett, thanks for treating me like a pro before my time.  I thank you, my friend.  I know I couldn't make it here today, but I thank you?  Coach Dye, it's the same.  I know you couldn't make it either, but I really thank you for letting me play both sports.  The decision changed many I life.  I thank you for letting me follow my dreams.  Your pa ssion for what's right led me to my current package in baseball.  I thank you Coach Dye and Coach Dye War Damn Eagle.  And this is a tough one.  I have a special love for this man, Walt Hriniak, my favorite hitting coach of all time.  I thank you for being honest from day one.  You taught me to only want to be the best.  You would always say to me, "Any one could be good, Frank.  But the special ones want to be great."  Our work sessions were very consistent every day.  It didn't matter if we were 10 - for - 10 or 0 - for - 10.  It was the same process every day, no free lesson.  Consistency and dedication was what made you tick, and I'm so grateful for your tutelage.  Having you first in the big leagues made it difficult for me when you left.  Preparation for game s wasn't the same any more, but I can always remember you saying, "Keep your f'ing head down and finish, Frank." Thanks, Walter.  Without you, I know I wouldn't be here in Cooperstown here today.  Thanks to my other coaches who put in time with me.  So rry I can't ramble all day.  I've been told by -- the rookie has to hurry you have.  Doug Mansolino, Mike Gellinger, Ron Jackson, Greg Walker, Gary Ward, Tom Pac oriek, Gerald Perry, Ron Washington, Mickey Bradley, Wallace Johnson, Dave LaR oche, Joe Nossek , Cave Man Art Kushner, Mark Salas, Tommy Thompson, the late Kev in Hickey, Chet Demedio, Steve Ro gers, Walt Pasternak, Allen Thomas, Clarence Cockrell, Donovan Santas and a special thanks to my friend and coach, Jim Fannin g , I know you're here somewhere, J im.  You told me to live in the zone, on and off the field, and even today, I thank you, Buddy.  Heartfelt thanks to all my trainers.  Thanks for all the hard work getting me to the post every day. Herm Schneider, I thank you for all the overtime you put in with me, 16 years of TLC.  You gave me the best professional care year - in and year - out.  I'm so appreciative of you.  Mark Anderson, Brian Ball, Larry Davis, Steve Soupy Sales, Walt Horn, George Poulis, Dave Abraham, Scott Takoe, Amy George and Tim Sod er, I thank all of you for your help along the way.  Just like to say special thanks to my clubhouse managers, I know they never get any love.  Clubhouse managers, pr managers, traveling secretaries; Chicken Willie Thompson, Vinnie Fresso, Gabe Morrell, St eve Vuchinich, Je ff Ross, Scott Reifert, Jay Ste nhous e, Glen Rosenbaum, Mickey Morab i t o, Mike Shaw, I thank you all for taking care of me.  You're all great at what you do.  Thanks for all the love.  I want to have a special thanks to all my doctors, I co uldn't include all of you today, but a few of you, I'd like to say, thanks again, James Boscardin, Dr. Price, Lowell Wyle, Sr.  Dr. Elliot Schwartz, I know Elliot is here.  Thank you for what you did for me in Oakland, you're a friend and buddy.  But I ha ve to say one special thank you to Dr. Richard Ferkel.  Yes, Dr.  Ferkel is here.  You repaired my navicular fracture when everyone said I was done.  I was sitting at 452 home runs and you looked at me and said, "I'm going to get you back on the field." You never doubted putting me back there and you helped me finish my career.  Getting to Cooperstown, I never thought it would happen.  I thank you, you mean so much to me and you mean more to me now as a friend.  Thank you, Dr.  Ferkel.  Getting here was a reflection of my teammates.  You can't win any game without teammates, and I had the best of them.  Over 850 of them in my time.  Getting here as a series of reflections of their talents.  I don't have all day here -- I'm an emotional guy because I wear my heart on my sleeve so I'm going to give my guys a verbal montage.  Please bear with me: 1 - Dog, Rock, Grebeck, RV, Ozzie, Joey, Pudge, Karko, Lyons, Bo, Ellis, Black Jack, The Deacon, Sugar Ray, Alex, Wilson, Bere, Roberto, Thiggy, James Baldwin, Billy Bob, Bueh rle, HotRod, Devo, Magglio, Carlos, Row, JD, Sax, Radinski, Ivan, Paco, Phil, Paulie, Crede, Uribe, Herbert, C.Johnson, Sandy, T. Phillips, Harold, Deleon, Melido, Howry, Foulke, M. Jackson, Flash, Kenny, Sandy, AJ, Robbie, McElroy, Merullo, Span ky, Julio, WillieChill, Singleton, Mouton, Davey, El Duque, Takatsu, Fordyce, Leifer, G. Bell, C.Everett, D.J., Pasqa, J. Hall, Parque, McCaskill, Belcher, Leach, Assenmacher, D. Paul, Huff, Valentine, Abbot, Dibble, Rags, Cammy Cam, Kruk, Sabo, Sirotka, M agra ne, Freeman, Darwin, Kreuter, Slugo, Norton, Snopek, DLew, Tartabull, Royce, Eyre, Navarro, Pena, A.Bell,  Bradford, Castillo, M.Johnson, Sierra, Garland, Lowe, Kip, Eldred, Ginter, Graffinino, Marte, Rousch, Olivo, Bartolo, Cotts, Glover, Loaiza, S c ho en ewei s, Contreras, Freddie, Polite, Timo, Jenks, League, Iguchi, BA,Borchard, Podsednik, Blanton, Kiko, Duke, Gaudin, Harden, Haren, Kotsay, the late Joe Kennedy, Sarloos, Houston, Zito, Kendall, Melhouse, Swisher, Chavy, Crosby, Ellis, DJ Scutaro, Milton , Kielty, J. Payton, Doc Halliday, Accardo, AJ,Downsy, Frazier, Rios, Casey, League, McGowan, Marcum, BJ, Towers, A Hill, Vernon, Johnny Mac, Lindo, Reed, Raja and Big Red.  You guys make the Big Hurt who he was in the greatest sport town in America.  I kn ow I'm biased, but I thoroughly enjoyed every moment playing for you all.  I thank you from the bottom of my heart.  Oakland and Toronto, I thank you for great fan bases, also making me feel at home.  It was short lived but I appreciate the love from both of you great cities.  To all you kids out there, just remember one thing from today.  There's no shortcuts to success.  Hard work, dedication, commitment, stay true to who you are.  God bless you all, and I thank you.
GREG MADDUX:  Thank you.  Let me say, first of all, how grateful I am to be here.  I would like to thank the Hall of Fame voters.  It's obviously the biggest honor you can give to a ballplayer.  To put me here in Cooperstown with all of my childhood heroes , it's sort of hard to believe I'm standing here today.  I never gave a thought to the Hall of Fame as I wa s going through my career.  My goal as a baseball player was very simple:  All I wanted to do was try to get better for my next start.  And to think it all ended up here, it's pretty cool.  To have the long career I did, I never really considered it work because it was so much fun.  The guys I played with and against, the coaches, managers, even the umpires, were always great to be around.  Those of us who play this great game and make a living at it are all extremely lucky.  I would not be standing here today if it weren't for all the positive people I've had in my life.  When I was six years old, my dad, Dave, was my first coach.  He taught me to enjoy the game.  He would hit my brother and I countless ground balls every day after work and we had fun do ing it.  My brother, Mike, led by example.  Everything I was about to do on and off the field, he had already done.  I was very fortunate to have a brother that I could learn from.  He even taught me a little bit about science.  It has to do with a little methane and a lighter, and I still get a huge kick out of it today.  (Laughter.)  That's funny, huh.  Okay.  My mother, Linda, who is here today, was the perfect mom.  She drove us to practice after every game and made sure we were never late.  I love he r and she is my biggest fan.  As I entered my sophomore year in high school, I was lucky enough to have Ralph Medar as my first true pitching coach.  He taught me my basic pitching fundamentals:  Movement, location, the ability to change speeds and veloci ty, in that order.  He said, "You throw hard enough, but as you face better hitters, you're going to need more than just velocity to get hitters out.  Movement and location will last longer than hard and straight." At first, just like any other kid, al l I wanted to do was throw hard but as I matured, I realized how right he was.  Rodger Fairless, my coach at Valley High School, taught me the work habits that I used my whole playing career.  At age 17, Keith Kleven taught me how to take care of my arms, legs and core.  I didn't know the impact Keith would have on my career until some 5,000 innings later with no arm problems.  I thank him very much for keeping my body healthy through my entire career, and I consider him the best in his field.  I'd like t o thank my scout, Doug Mapson, who took a chance and signed me to my first contract.  In the Minor Leagues, there were three coaches that helped me along the way.  First it was Rick Kranitz, who helped me with my changeup.  Jim Wright helped me locate my fastball to both sides of the plate and Dick Pole, who taught me my delivery and started teaching me the basics on pitch selection.  After arriving in Chicago, I married my high school sweetheart, Kathy.  She took care of everything off the field, which a llowed me to put all my focus on baseball.  I'm lucky to be married to her, and I love her more today than when I first married her.  My first day in the big leagues, the starting pitchers were Nolan Ryan and Jamie Moyer.  Twenty minutes before the game, I was sitting on the be nch, and my first manager, Gene , thought I was the bat boy.  The nickname stuck for a few years but faded over time.  Billy Connors asked me a question one day.  He asked, "Do you ever wonder how good you can be?"  Of course I said no.  And he said, "Why don't you go out there and try to find out." I've been trying to find the answer to that question every day since.  Don Zimmer made me realize there was a difference between winning and pitching just good enough to lose.  After many failures in baseball, I met Harvey Dorfman.  He taught me to focus on only the things I can control.  Those lessons spilled over to my personal life, as well.  I consider him to be one of the best coaches I've ever had.  With the Cubs, I had the oppo rtunity to play with Andre Dawson, Rick Sutcliffe, Ryne Sandberg and two fine catchers, Damon Berryhill and Joe Girardi.  The City of Chicago and the Cub fans were awesome, maybe the best in baseball.  I was glad to be part of a Division Championship in  ' 89, although we didn't get to the World Series that year, playing all the home games at Wrigley Field were really special.  With the help of Scott Boras, I moved on to Atlanta.  I picked Atlanta because I finally wanted to get a World Series ring and star t a family (Laughter).  All right, sorry, Chicago, but yeah.  My wife, Kathy, really stepped her game up then as we started our family.  Our daughter, Paige, and my son Chase, as I was on the road at the park all day, my mind was at ease knowing things we re okay at home.  I don't know how she was able to balance the kids going to schools in both Atlanta and Las Vegas, but she did an amazing job with that.  After many near misses, we finally got our ring in '95, which was great to share with our coaches, t eammates and the City of Atlanta.  Bobby Cox, who I'm honored to be with on the dais today, led us to the promised land.  Bobby taught us how to play winning baseball and enjoy our time away from the park.  Thank goodness Dave Justice hit that homer when h e did and Glav threw one more clutch game.  No one wanted to win more than our pitching coach , Leo Mazzone.  He stressed that you needed to pitch for 200 innings and everything will take care of itself from there.  The next seven years were spent winning d ivision titles, watching the kids grow up, watching John Smoltz's hair line recede.  (Laughter.) Smotlzy remains one of my all - time best teammates and he hope he joins me and Glav in Cooperstown shortly.  Javy Lopez, Eddie Perez, Charlie O'Brien, Paul Bak o were my catchers in Atlanta and we used to get a nice chuckle when they would get hit in the face by foul tips.  I would like to thank my doctor, Joe Chandler, for making it easier for me to start every five days.  I love Chicago so much.  The first ti me I played there, that I was very grateful that Gary Hughes and Jim Hendry brought me back over to Chicago.  That would give me a second chance to win there, and maybe retire where it all started, but I wouldn't be a Cub if I couldn't handle a little hear tache and we missed the post - season by one game my first year back.  I was thankful I got a chance to play for Dusty Baker and work with Larry Rothschild.  I enjoyed throwing most of my games to Henry Blanco and Michael Barrett, and again, it was even fun nier when they would get hit in the face.  At the end, I spent time with the Dodgers and the Padres and was treated great in both places.  I love the California weather and being closer to Vegas.  I enjoyed playing for both Joe Torre and Buddy Black, two great managers, and I learned more about throwing a changeup a better way from Darren Balsley.  That was 24 years after first learning from Rick Kranitz.  Just goes to show that you no matter how old you are, you're still looking to get better.  People as k me why I have no Hall of Fame plaque, no logo, or why my Hall of Fame plaque has no logo.  I spent 12 years in Chicago, 11 in Atlanta and both places are very special to me.  Without experiences in both cities, I would not be standing here today.  On be half of my family and all those I've mentioned, thank you for this incredible honor.
JOE TORRE:  Thank you so much.  Johnny bench told me I have two minutes.  Mark these words:  Greg Maddux has n o pulse.  The man has no pulse.  Look how excited he is (Laughter).  I can't tell you how proud I am, when we got the call, or when I got the call, on December 9TH, and again, Jane, I'm sorry I hung up on you (Laughter.) And then Jane Clark called back an d told me I was elected unanimously to the Hall of Fame.  And I said, "Who else"?  And she wouldn't tell me.  So we got dressed quickly, my wife, Ali and I, and we went down stairs.  I walked into the room with the Expansion Era Committee and I see Bobby Cox.  I said, "Good." And then I hear the door open behind me, and it's Tony La Russa, and it was just perfect.  You know, our careers just mirrored each other's, and I think it would have been an injustice if we didn't enjoy this together.  Tommy, G reg and Frank, I don't know what I can tell you.  Pretty special.  Amazing.  You admire, even though you manage and you face players and you face pitchers, that even though you don't want them to do well, you admire the way they do it.  And to me, that's d oing things the right way.  Eric, Roger and Joe Garagiola, congratulations on your honors.  I want to thank everyone connected with the Hall of Fame, Jane, Jeff, Brad, Whitney.  It's been a marvelous weekend -- nerve - wracking.  You know, managing was noth ing like this.  And a lot of these guys back there kept me out of the Hall of Fame as a player.  I can tell you that.  (Laughter.) Try hitting against those guys.  You know, I'm here, might as well cut to the Chase.  I'm here because of the New York Yankee s.  However, in order, as Tommy said, to be ready, you had to make stops along the way.  You had to fail along the way.  Played with the Braves.  What an education playing with Hank Aaron for eight years.  Still gives me goosebumps.  And going over to the Cardinals and becoming teammates with Gibson, Brock, Carlton, Tim McCarver, and playing for a manager who probably made the biggest impact on what I did as a manager, Red Schoendienst.  But there was a man who probably educated me more in the nuances of baseball, every aspect of the game, and his name was George Kissell.  George was a father figure to me when I was a player, and then when I went back as a manager some years later, I treasured every spring training game because he would sit next to me, and the last thing he would say, "Look out there and count to nine."  And you count the nine positions, just to make sure everybody was playing where you expected them to play.  Going over to the Mets, got a chance to play with Hall of Famer Tom Seaver.  Wha t a man.  I was with the Mets a couple of years before I became manager, and then once I became manager on May 31, 1977, my first bit of duty was to trade Tom Seaver two weeks later, which wasn't a whole lot of fun.  And the last time he pitched for me, I don't know if you remember, Tommy, he pitched in Houston, and when I went out to take him out of the game, he padded me on the rear end.  I did have one accomplishment when I was with the Mets as a player.  And again, you can't go through life alone; cert ainly in baseball you need all the help you can get.  Well, on July 21, I hit into four double plays in one game, and I just want to make sure I share the credit, because I could not have done it unless Felix Millan had hit four singles right in front of me (Laughter.).  In 1977, I became manager.  I want to thank the New York Mets for at age 36 trusting me with their club, and Donald Grant, chairman of the board, it was a great opportunity for me.  You talk about learning.  We had to make some trades a couple of weeks after I took the job, and there was a lot of learning, young players, but great experience, great experience.  The one thing you learn as a player, you know, you can see all the authorities who tell you who is supposed to win and who isn't supposed to win.  If you become a manager, you're doing yourself an injustice, unless you make yourself believe that the team on the field is the best one you're going to see.  That's the way.  That's the only way you're going to be able to communicate wi th players.  From the Mets, went to the Braves.  Enjoyed my first post - season in 1982 working for Ted Turner and a man named Bill Bartholomay who still remains a dear friend.  I remember asking Ted, as my wife, Ali and I were just getting to know each ot her and starting a courtship, I guess you can say in the old days, and I asked Ted about, give me an advance on my salary so I could buy a house.  Told me to rent.  (Laughter).  So after three years, it was obviously no surprise that I was gone from there , too.  Had a great experience working for Gene Autry with the California Angels at the time.  Worked there six years as a broadcaster.  That's where I got to meet Tony and got to admire things that other managers did, Sparky Anderson and Tony.  Again, you learn every step of the way.  Then a guy named Dal Maxvill got me back in the game.  He was the general manager of the St.  Louis Cardinals.  Whitey was stepping down, and he wanted to get a manager, and I had the opportunity.  I was with the Cardinals a lmost five years, and I got fired for the third time.  And the interesting part, after I got fired from the Braves, I was very depressed, because I had been fired by the Mets and I had been fired by the Braves.  My wife, Ali, said to me, "How do you want to be remembered?  What are your thoughts on this?" I said, "Someone who never realized their goal."    I was feeling sorry for myself obviously.  All of a sudden she slapped me into reality by saying, what, are you dead?  Then the opportunity came afte r the Cardinals -- and I want to tell you kids, I got fired three times.  That's in the category of failure.  The only way you're going to learn, the only way you're going to get better is to experience setbacks and just get yourself up, dust yourself off and move on.  Learn from it.  Learn from it.  Got a call from Gene Michael, Stick Michael, stepping down as general manager of the New York Yankees, and he was interviewing me to become general manager.  Offered me the job.  Ali was pregnant with our daug hter, Andrea, and I said, "Is there vacation time?" And they said, "No, not working for George." So I said, "Thank you, but maybe next time." Then I get a call from a dear friend, Arthur Richmond, about a month or so later, to say, "Do you want to go on the short list for managers that's going to replace Buck Showalter?" I said, "You bet." And then the call came from George Steinbrenner that says, "You're my man." Well, I know George's history, and I know my brother, Frank, said, "You're cra zy."  But I knew if I was ever going to find out if I was going to do this stuff, this was going to be my best opportunity.  A general manager hired the same year, Bob Watson, who is here with us today, worked with Bob for a couple of years, and then Brian Cashman, who is here also, today.  As I say, it's a team effort all the way through?  And the interesting part in managing the Yankee that is never really came to mind, but when I was a teenager and my brother, Frank, was in the World Series in '57 and '5 8 against the Yankees, Braves winning in '57 and the Yankees winning in '58, little did I know the next two times these teams would meet in the World Series, I would be managing the Yankees.  And I just have to relive some of the thrills, if you don't min d bearing with me here.  1996, Bobby's Braves had us two games to none.  David Cone, may have been the best decision I made in my managerial life, picking David Cone, who has ice water in his veins as Game 3 starter.  He went out there and stopped the blee ding.  We won the game. Then m there was Game 4, that three - run homer.  And then a huge walk by Wade Boggs and John Wetteland closed the door.  Game 5, Andy Pettitte who got roughed up in his first game, who I didn't know until later on when I decided t o have him hit for himself in the top of the ninth, Andy's wife, Laura, was sitting next to my wife, saying, "What's he doing?" (Laughter.) We win the Game 1 - 0, and Paul O'Neill, who I almost didn't start that game, was playing on one leg just about, and makes a running catch in the gap in right center field.  Wetteland closed that one, too.  And then Game 6, of course Game 6 was interesting, because my brother, Frank, which has been well publicized, he was waiting for a heart transplant, and I get a call at 5:00 in the morning that they found a heart for him.  So on the off - day between games five and six, he had his heart transplant.  It was quite an emotional roller coaster ride for us.  Well, Game 6, it was Jimmie key against Greg Maddux.  Girardi's tr iple against his former teammate; Wetteland sealing the deal for MVP in the World Series.  There was my World Series.  Ali said, "Let's go, let's go get that flower farm in Hawai'i." I said, "Let's see if we can do it again." 1998, Tino's Grand Slam s et the tone, Game 1.  Scott Brosius hit key home runs, one MVP.  1999, and the reason I'm going down and mentioning names is, you know, players have ability, but what gets you over the top is the character of those players.  1999, Paul O'Neill playing rig ht field for me on the day that his dad passed away in Game 4.  The 2000 World Series against the Mets.  Paul O'Neill walking in the ninth inning, the at - bat seemed like it took 20 minutes.  We were down by a run.  Tied the game in the ninth, and the 12th inning, Vizcai no, a huge base hit.  Mo gave us two innings, by the way.  Game 4, Jeter leads off, first pitch, hits a home run.  Cone comes out of the bullpen to get Mike Piazza, who had hit a two - run home run earlier in the game.  Mo went two; what's ne w.  Then in Game 5, Bernie and Jeter both hit homers.  And while I've got Bernie on my tongue here, I've got to tell you a story.  Bernie Williams was a special player.  He didn't know he was a leader.  He didn't know that people looked to him.  Well, on e day in spring training, he's got this impacted wisdom tooth that needed to come out.  So he comes into my office and tells me, have a dentist appointment; okay.  Why don't you lay on the couch, and when they come to take you to the dentist appointment, then you go, but why don't you lay down.  Stays there for a while.  I come out on the field, come back in and he's still there and now he's going to get his ride to the dentist office and he's leaving.  And I try to lighten the mood, because he was in a l ittle pain.  And I said, "Bernie, you've got to be careful.  People see you laying on my couch and hanging around, they are going to think you're my favorite." And he says, "They already know that." (Laughter.) Luis Sojo show with the big base hit that wins the World Series for us.  And then it was 9/11.  9/11, it was unbelievable.  I think obviously we were knocked on our heels and it was such an emotional time for us, for everybody.  But when that happened, baseball was the last thing we were thi nking about.  It was our loved ones.  And we, you know, did our part.  The Mets did their part, but we just felt there was so much motivation for us when we opened and played again after 9/11.  I remember telling our players that the NY on our hat represen ts more than the Yankees.  It was just an emotional ride.  Oakland, we lose the first two games.  Lose the first two games to Oakland at home in a best - of - five.  And I don't know if anybody remembers this game, but Mike Mussina pitched Game 3 and was pitc hing a 1 - 0 shutout.  Ball down the right field line, Giambi on first, Jeremy Giambi trying to score with two out, Spencer over throws both cutoff men, and who is there but Derek Jeter to flip the ball to Posada for the tag at the plate.  And yes, we do pra ctice that play.  There are people today who don't believe that.  And that World Series, we got beat twice, first two games.  Game 3 we come back, and win Game 3 in the World Series.  Games 4 and 5, it was like you were watching Groundhog Day, ninth inni ng, we're down by two.  Tino hits a two - hundred homer, tie it up.  Jeter hits a home run the first day of November to win that World Series game.  Next night, it's Brosius, two - run hoper, down two in the ninth to tie it up.  They can they can Soriano gets a base hit, Knoblauch scores.  Then the last World Series, which is looked doubtful we were going to get there.  2003, we were losing by I think it was four runs to the Boston Red Sox and Pedro, and I remember Mel Stottlemyre comes in before the game and he says, "We've got Mussina, but I told him he'd start an inning." I said, "Okay."  Well, Clemens was getting beat up a little bit and I told him to get up to warm up, and I bring him in with the bases loaded and nobody out.  Gets a pop up and a doubl e play, and pitches three innings for us, a real gem and we go on and win with Aaron Boone's home run; and, oh, yeah, Mariano Rivera pitched three innings.  I tell you, I've always been a Sinatra fan, but after 12 years of Mariano Rivera, Metallica sounds pretty good to me.  It's been a wonderful ride.  We have had great players but great people.  Hideki Matsui comes on board.  He's hit 50 home runs a year every year in Japan.  First thing Zimmer asks me, "Ask him if he can hit - and - run." So through an interpreter I did that and he says, "Any time you want."    That's the unselfishness that we've had.  And by the way, keep a couple of seats warm for a couple of these guys coming in here in the next few years.  Yogi Berra.  Yogi Berra told me when we won our first pennant, and I was going to be in my first World Series, he says, "Hey, Kid," he says, "When you get introduced and go to that first baseline, it's going to be unlike any other feeling you've ever had."    He was right.  It was pretty amazing.  And again, as Tony was talking about coaches, you can't do this alone.  You need people who are really dedicated and I had a great bunch.  In fact, three of them are here today:  Willy Randolph, Jose Cardenal and Lee Mazzilli.  Thank you for being here gu ys.  The two that couldn't make it, Mel Stottlemyre, who is watching, I know, in Washington State, I didn't know Mel very well but I admired what he did, especially in his years with the Mets, and did a magnificent job.  And then Don Zimmer.  Don Zimmer, you know, aside from costing me a lot of money by introducing me to horse racing, eight years sitting next to me, he made me the manager that I turned into.  He had more guts than I did, and sort of got me off the conservative platform.  And I know he's w atching us from a racetrack in the sky somewhere, and I know his spirit is in my heart.  And again, I'm here because of the fans, the fans, unbelievable.  And I've been around, all through the country, the fans have been great to me.  But the fans in New York, I want to tell you, you have turned New York City into a small town for me.  Thank you very much.  Love you, too.  I want to thank baseball for the platform so that Ali and I could start our Safe at Home Foundation to help young students who have be en affected by abuse.  It's funny when you have been around the game and people recognize your name, they return your phone calls, so it's nice.  And again, to Commissioner Bud Selig for allowing me to stay connected with this great game, thanks, Bud.  M y family, my wife, Ali, and I guess I could say I love you, but I think something that would tell her more than that was that my mom would have loved you.  She was the rock, she is the rock; she's the backbone.  Even though she still wants to have that flo wer farm, she's been patient with me.  Thank you, Baseball.  My children, Michael, my daughter, Christina, couldn't be with us today, Lauren, and Andrea, love you all.  And I have to remember my mom, whether it was coming home from school for coming home after a season of baseball, she was there with open arms with all the love I needed.  And then my brother, Rocco, who was watching our doubleheader in Cleveland in '96 when he passed away.  And my father - in - law, Big Ed that welcomed me into this big clan I'll be telling you about in a second.  Big Ed, you're all watching from the best seat in the house, I know that?  My brother, Frank, who was my role model.  It was tough love for a long time, it really was.  But he was the happiest person in the world wh en I got that World Series ring.  He wasn't able to make it here today but I know he's watching from Palm Beach Gardens.  My mother - in - law, Lucille, thank you for being here, she's sitting over in the shaded area with my two sisters, Ray and sister Margue rite, great support, great support.  Even though my sisters just thought that we should bunt more.  And my grandchildren, Reed, Kendra, Dylan, Talisa, thank you, guys, for being here.  And then, of course, the contingent from Cincinnati, let's hear you, t hey are all over the joint.  My wife, Ali, has 15 siblings and they all said yes and they brought their families.  I can't tell you how much love I feel for these people and I feel from these people, but probably the toughest thing they had to do was put down that Cincinnati Red jersey and root for me, but they were great.  Love you, thanks for making the trip here, guys. Closing thoughts, if you give me a moment.  Today is a celebration of chasing your dreams and putting the team above yourself, as my p layers did.  Tony Gwynn, I was at Tony's memorial and I watched him up on the screen, and he just said something that didn't surprise me coming from him.  He said, "All I ever tried to do was play the game the right way."    No better message for our youn gsters than that.  There is a power to both patience and persistence.  Baseball is a game of life.  It's not perfect, but it feels like it is.  That's the magic of it.  We are responsible for giving it the respect it deserves.  Our sport is part of the Am erican soul, and it's ours to borrow.  Just for a while.  To take care of it for a time and then pass it on to the next generation; when I say us, I mean as managers, as players.  If all of us who love baseball are doing our jobs, then those who get the ga me from us will be as proud to be a part of it as we were, and we are.  This game is a gift, and I am humbled, very humbled, to accept its greatest honor.  Thank you very much.
TOM GLAVINE:  My first order of miss that everybody told me when you get up here, just take a deep breath.  So, okay, I'm good.  What an honor and privilege it is to be here as an inductee to the Baseball Hall of Fame.  I want to thank the baseball writers for voting for me.  I want to thank Jane Forbes Clark, Jeff Idelson, Brad Horn, Whitney Selover, and all th e folks at the Baseball Hall of Fame for making this an unbelievable experience for me and my family.  Little did I know as a kid, when I used to think it was a good idea, to stand on the front porch of my parents house and throw snowballs over the trees trying to hit the cars passing by, little did I know how far my left arm was going to take me at that time.  Needless to say, there was one passersby that was less than pleased with my accuracy.  He had a conversation with my mom, the until your dad gets home scenario played out, and after a good talking to, needless to say, my snowball throwing days were over.  We all figured I could come up with a better, more productive way to work on my accuracy, so.  I think that was probably the start of the painted square of the chimney outside my parents house.  I'm honored to go into the Baseball Hall of Fame with such a great group of men:  Frank Thomas, Joe Torre, Tony La Russa, and of course my long - time teammate and manager, Greg Maddux and Bobby Cox.  All of you guys represent what is great about the game of baseball.  With your competitiveness, it's no surprise you are all here today.  Congratulation s to all of you guys.  I'm humbled to be part of this c lass with you.  I'd like to take an extra minute to thank Greg and Bobby.  It's hard to imagine as I've said over and over that a day like this could get any better.  But for me, it does.  To have the opportunity to go into the Hall of Fame with these two guys , two guys that had such a prof ound impact on me as a person and on my career, Bobby from the managerial side teaching me to respect the game, teaching me how to play the game the right way, how to go about my business and represent my organization.  And I can't tell you, I like old Smoltzie's wor d in that video, I can't tell you how good he was at pumping you up all the time.  I can't tell you how many times I would pitch a bad game and read the newspaper the next day and read Bobb y's comments, and I would think , what game were you watching, and h ow did I not win.  Bobby, thank you so much for all your guidance, appreciate everything you did for me.  Greg, as a teammate and as a friend, you made me better through our conversations.  You made me better by watching you pitch, and you made me wealth ier with all the money we took from Smoltzie on the golf course.  We all have choices to make in life, and in June of 1984, I was an 18 - year - old kid enjoying high school graduation and looking forward to going to college.  Within a span of a couple weeks , I had the good fortune of being drafted by the Los Angeles Kings in the NHL and the Atlanta Braves.  I had a difficult choice to make and as a left - handed pitcher, I thought that was the thing that would set me apart and make baseball the smartest decisio n.  Of course I always wonder what would have happened had I taken up hockey and in my mind, of course, since I was drafted ahead of two Hall of Famers, Luc Robitaille and Brett Hull, that obviously means I would have been a Hall of Famer in hockey, too ( Laughter). But clearly, I'm positive I made the right choice, as sure as I'm standing here, and like I said, I'm honored to be here and be part of the Baseball Hall of Fame.  Seems hard to believe, it's been 30 years since I sat at my parents kitchen and signed my professional contract to go play for the Atlanta Braves.  Sitting with me there that day, Tony Demacio and Paul Snyder from the Braves saw something in me that compelled them to convince the Braves to take a chance on me.  I doubt they projected me as a future Hall of Famer but nonetheless they saw enough to give me a chance, and for that, Paul, Tony, thank you very much.  Perhaps part of what they saw was that the work ethic that was certainly prevalent in my house and in my hometown of Billeri ca, Massachusetts -- actually, I said that wrong.  It's Billerica, sorry.  I know there's a huge crowd here today from Billerica.  I want to thank you guys for not only being here today, but I want to thank you guys for your support throughout my career.  I know so many of you put your allegiance for our beloved Red Sox on hold during my career, but I promise you, your secret is safe with me, so thank you very much.  I was blessed to have a tremendous support team around me through my career, people that helped me to keep things in order and keep things in perspective.  My agent and good friend, Gregg Clifton, was so helpful with his advice and his representation over the years.  Gregg, thank you so much for all your help and for your friendship.  My good friend, Rose Cortina (ph) and Scott and Meryl, who helped me to be smart, frugally and financially, you were so helpful in taking my mind off things and help me concentrate on the game of baseball so thank you for that.  I'll piggyback on Greg's comments.  I had three dear friends over the years in Atlanta who helped keep me on the field.  Dr.  Joe Chandler, Joe, to this day, you have to the missed a spot when I needed a cortisone shot.  Dave Pursley and Jeff Porter, long - time trainers with the Braves, you spent countless hours taking care of me and so many other guys.  I honestly felt bad at times in certain years with the amount of time I would have to spend on the training room table to try to get ready for my next start, but you were always so patient a nd helpful and did everything you could to get me back out there and for that I appreciate it.  Same holds true, Mike Herbst, the trainer with the New York Mets when I was there.  Thank you for all your time and your efforts to keep me healthy and keep me on the field.  I had a couple goals in mind each time I put on the uniform.  The first was to represent the logo on the front.  That meant to play hard, play the game the right way and give it your all whenever you stepped on the field.  As the old sayin g goes, play hard because you never know who is watching you for the first time.  The second part was to not embarrass the name on the back.  I wanted to represent my parents to the best of my ability.  They worked hard to respect our community and I wante d to do everything I could to protect that.  I'm so proud whenever I hear somebody say to me, you must have had great parents.  When I hear that, I know I'm representing them well.  I do have great parents and they took me everywhere I needed to be for bo th hockey and baseball.  They never missed a practice or a game.  Oftentimes I hear my dad leaving before the dark in the morning, so he could get to work, get his work done and get home for my game later that day.  They were and they are a great team.  P eople always ask me where I got my qualities from.  My hard work ethic I got from my dad, and as much as my mom hates to hear it, mom, I'm sorry, I got my stubbornness from you.  I always marveled how they were able to get us kids where they needed to be.  I can honestly say as a kid I wanted to be a professional athlete.  Red Sox or Bruins , I didn't care.  I loved Bobby Orr, I love Yas, Pudge, Jim Rice.  But my role models were and always have been my parents, Fred and Millie.  They gave me the two best t hings you could ever ask for as a kid.  They gave me their time and their example.  Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, and I've always said that if I can be half the parents to my kids that my parents were to me, I would have been successful.  I 'm blessed to have had your support and example.  You have been the great influence in my life.  I know I made you proud as a baseball player, and I hope more importantly, hope I've made you even more proud as a son and father.  To say thank you would never be enough but thank you so much for your love and support.  Couldn't have done this without you guys.  I love you guys. Thanks, also, to my sister, dad, and my brothers, Fred and Mike.  You guys have always been a great supporting cast.  When you play f or 20 years, there are a lot of ups and downs, and after all, I did lose 203 games in my career so there were a lot of downs.  You guys were always there for me whenever I needed it, even if it was as simple as a phone call.  I love you guys and thank you for your support.  I had the opportunity to play for two great organizations in my career, the Atlanta Braves and New York Mets.  I had so many fantastic coaches and teammates who helped me to get here, many of you who are here in attendance today and I t hank you for your help along the way for being here today.  In the interest of time I couldn't possibly thank everybody because if there's one thing I heard from th ese guys all weekend, it's been hurry up.  I had so many great teammates, some who will be on this stage, as Doggy mentioned, our good friend, Smoltzie better be here next year and there will be more to come.  I had teammates who made great plays for me, got big hits, helped to get big outs and guys that were great examples and guys that I lear ned a ton from through conversation.  I appreciate all of your help and I thank you for the role you played in helping me to get to this incredible honor.  My two long - time pitching coaches, Leo Mazzone, thank you so much.  When you first came to Atlanta with Bobby, and you told me were going to start throwing twice in between starts, I thought you were crazy because my arm already hurt at that time.  Wasn't really sure what throwing more was going to do, but boy, did that help.  You helped me to understan d my mechanics, you helped me become my own pitching coach, and that ultimately became my goal every game I went out on the mound was not to have Leo come out and visit me at any point in time.  Rick Peterson later in my career with the Mets, Rick, you he lped me to reinvent myself and make the changes I needed to make for the latter part of my career, and trust me, when you were doing something for 16, 17 years, it's not an easy thing to change.  But you talked me into it, you convinced me of it and you ga ve me confident to do it.  So Leo, thank you so much for your help, and Rick Peterson, thank you for your help.  To all the folks associated with the Mets organization, thank you for treating me and my family the way you did.  Thank you Fred and Jeff Wil pon for the opportunity to play in New York and for providing the resources so I could experience a post - season there.  To the fans of New York, thank you so much for your support and for ultimately treating me and my family with so much respect.  Playin g for Ted Turner was a treat and I say it was a treat, it was a treat.  Thank you, Ted, for providing the likes of John Schuerholz, Stan Kasten and Bobby Cox to lead our organization.  Thank you for providing the resources to get the players that enabled u s to have such an unbelievable run of success.  It was such a thrill and so much fun to be a part of putting Atlanta back on the map in the game of baseball.  Your support on and off the field meant so much to me and I know there's a ton of you here today and a ton of you back at Turner Field watching this in Atlanta, as well.  Thank you guys so much.  Atlanta has become my home.  I have so many great friends there now, many of whom are you here today and I'm truly grateful and honored for your support and friendship.  My best teammate and best friend of all, though, happens to be my wife, Chris.  In my case, the saying behind every good man is a great woman, is definitely true.  As a young player it's ease - to be selfish and only worry about yourself and b aseball.  Often my sister would call me before spring training if she needed something for a charity event or auction that was coming up during the baseball season and she said, "You know, if I don't call you and bug you now, once spring training carts, it 's going to be impossible," and she was right.  When you get to that point, it's all about you and it's all about baseball.  Once you have a wife and a family, all that changes.  It isn't about you anymore.  I learned balance early in my career.  I rememb er a hockey game as a kid that didn't go so well.  And in the car on the way home, my dad wanted to talk about the game.  Didn't want to criticize me but just wanted to have a conversation.  So after a short time of me being less than pleasant in the conv ersation because things didn't go so well, my dad told me something that I've never for got and, in fact, I've used on my kids today and they will attest to it.  He said:  You're going to go into that locker room with a smile on your face and you're going to come out with one, or I'm not taking you any more." I tried really hard to leave the game at the field.  Chris was always great at recognizing when I needed a little space, when I needed some kind words, and certainly whenever I needed a kick in the bu tt.  When you have kids, that balance is really tested.  I can't tell you what a luxury it was to be able to leave for the ballpark totally freed up knowing that there was a wonderful mom and the home holding down the fort and getting everybody where they needed to be.  In reality, our wives are single moms a lot of time when you factor in travel and spring training.  To this day, I don't know how Chris was able to do everything with me not around, from school carpools to kids' sports teams, everything was always handled perfectly, and that made my job so much easier.  In addition, I'm so proud of her and what she's meant to our community in Atlanta.  She's helped to raise over $4 million for Cure Childhood Cancer, raising money for much needed research.  She truly is one person making a difference.  As I said, she's a great mom and I couldn't be more proud of the job she has done raising our children.  Jonathan, Amber, both in college now, can't believe it and doing very well.  Peyton, Mason, and of cours e our little guy, Keenan.  I realize the sacrifices all you guys have made.  I know it wasn't always easy.  There were a lot of sacrifices, a lot of missed things throughout the years, but you guys handled it like champs.  I'm so proud of you and I love yo u guys so much.  Chris, I've been blessed to have you as my wife.  You've been my best friend.  You've been my rock.  Thank you so much for all your love and support and for making my job so much easier.  And finally, people have asked me a lot since I g ot the phone call how I thought I would feel when induction day finally arrived.  My response has usually been, whatever I tell you won't scratch the surface of what I will feel on that say.  Safe to say I was right.  To say this day, this weekend was unbe lievable would definitely be true.  I don't think any of us up here ever thought we would become Hall of Famers on the day we were drafted.  I do believe that each of us worked hard to get the most out of our God - given talent and tried to be the very best that we thought we could be.  The fact that we are here is a testament to that hard work and perseverance.  Standing here today as a member of the Baseball Hall of Fame is the ultimate recognition of a career in baseball, a career that saw lots of ups an d downs, lots of sacrifices on and off the field, and more than a few times where I questioned what I was doing.  There are no more questions, only gratitude towards those who were so helpful along the way; my family, friends, coaches and teammates, and t hanks to God for giving me the talent and work ethic and more than a little bit of stubbornness to see it through.  I'm humbled to be a member of the National Baseball Hall of Fame.  I'm humbled to be here and thank you all for sharing this day with me.  Thank you very much.
TONY LA RUSSA:  Good afternoon.  I remember in December when the news came about the election, and the excit ement of joining Bobby and Joe, the meaning of that, and then in January, Tom, Greg and Frank, it's gotten better and better.  And I thought, you know, when it comes time to speak, I've got an important message to deliver about how I feel, and I think I ca n do it.  And then this afternoon, we're in the room waiting to come on the bus, and all of a sudden I started to feel differently.  Then you ride the bus out here, see the guys get on the bus and you're surrounded by the Hall of Famers and it starts to g et tougher.  Then you see the crowd when you arrive, and it is real tough.  But one thing for certain, all of that buildup for certain has created a total understanding and appreciation of what it means to be elected to the Hall of Fame.  It's uncomfortab le because I didn't make it as a player, not even close, and even my early days as a manager; there were some moments where this could never happen.  I remember Paul Richards introduced me to my first Minor League club in Knoxville to the Chamber of Comme rce, and after introducing our really good team, he said, well -- he told me if you're wondering about this boy that's going to manage this team, and you've heard that the worst player makes the best manager, this young player has a chance to be an outstan ding manager (Laughter.)  And I thought, you know, always hurts to hear the truth.  Then he watched me manage about four or five games and came up and I said, "What do you think, Paul?" And he says, "I think you may have been a better player than I thou ght you were." So not a player, not a manager.  It got better later, but I open by telling you how much I understand and pressure what this means.  But I want to add, since December, have not been comfortable with it.  And, in fact, I started to never even think it was realistic until we got to 2 , 000 wins and there was some conversation, and then winning in 2006, there was more talk about it.  But nothing's really changed about accepting this personally.  And I want to try to explain what I mean.  Fr om managing parts of two years in the Minor Leagues, after thinking about all the other young managers who pay a lot of dues in the Minor Leagues, and I get a chance after parts of two years; and then I go into the big leagues with three organizations, Chi cago White Sox, the Oakland A's and St.  Louis Cardinals, and truthfully can tell you, never had one day that the coaches, anybody on our staff and myself, felt that we didn't have total support from the people up top.  I don't know any other manager, espe cially one that's managed 30 - plus years, can get that kind of vote of confidence.  All I know, all that equates to me is, very, very fortunate, and the more I thought about it and think about it, I've never put my arms around the fact that being really luc ky is a Hall of Fame credential.  So now you think seriously about what you're going to say, and I know where I need to start.  As lucky as I've been, by far the luckiest are three ladies, one of whom is most responsible.  I got a chance to manage in Aug ust of '79, Elaine was pregnant with our first child, deliver in September.  And there was a question, look, we may not get another shot, so a month before delivery got the Chicago job.  Which means for 30 years in '82, Bianca was born in September of '79, Devon was born in '82.  So for 30 - plus years, I think it was Bobby who said, you know, you're gone half the time on the road.  When you're at home, you go to the ballpark at 12 o'clock or earlier, you come back at midnight.  Mentally you're not even home when you're home.  And somehow, my wife has made this work; and our two children, I'll tell you, at any time, any of the three could have said, it's enough of you and it's about us, and they allowed me to do it, going too early and staying too late.  So E laine, thank you.  You know, Paul Richards once said, "When you manage, you'll never have a completely happy day."  I didn't believe that.  I said, "How about you win the World Series?" "You'll never have a completely happy day."  And a couple things about today.  For one, because of all the animals at home and other commitments, Bianca and Devon are not here.  That does not make me happy.  The other one is that when you manage three places, a lot of great people, everybody should get recogniz ed and there's no way to mention everybody, and that bothers me.  But I'm going to do the best I can, because these organizations were so special.  I think about the Chicago White Sox, you saw the highlights, first time since 1959 that a baseball team in Chicago had won, a wonderful experience.  And with the White Sox, we all this had unique opportunity for two years, and maybe the best example, I think it was August, September in New York against the Yankees.  Tom Seaver is going for his 300th win, Hall of Famer Pudge Fisk is catching him, and to be part of that, to watch him shut them out -- not shut them out, pitch a complete game, we won 4 - 2, 5 - 2, I don't know for sure, because fifth inning, I got ejected, a la Bobby Cox.  But I got to watch from the runway, and I'm thinking about and 84 and '85 with Pudge and Tom, and I think about what you learn about leadership from teammates.  In '83 we had Jerry Dybzinski and Jerry Koosman, classic leaders.  We had a young star named Harold Baines, a lot like Tony, if he could have kept his knees together, he would have well into 3,000 hits.  Then you go Oakland, and you have the same combination of Chicago and St.  Louis.  You had the wonderful ownership, they are all represented here today.  You had a great front office, all represented here today.  You had scouting, you had player development.  You had a lot of people working to put our team's best foot forward.  And then we had Hall of Famers, two of them are back there, Rickie and Eck, and on those teams, there's a lot of flash and dash and bash.  But we played the game really hard, really well every day, because we had three guys that led our ballclub and would not allow it to be different.  On the infield side, Carney Lansford, outfield Dave Henderson an d from the pitching staff, Dave Stewart.  Communication was such a key.  I used to communicate with Stew just by listening to him and doing what he said.  Except one time, he's getting beat up and Stew took the mound like the great starters here and other great No.  1s, want the game and it's theirs until the bitter end or end.  Stew is getting beat up, a lot of doubles in the gap, we are watching cutoffs and relays, and there's one to left field, left center, he's got his back to the dugout.  And I come get him, finally.  Get to the mound and he turns, and says, "What are you doing here?" I says, "Stew, I got to get you." He says, "Why?  I'm not tired." I said, "Yeah, but our outfielders are."    (Laughter.) Then we go to St.  Louis, and you'v e got that tradition, that history, so spectacular.  You had Hall of Famers walking around like Red and Stan in the 40s and 50s, and you go to the 60s and you have Bob and Lou, and later in the 80s you've got Ozzie, you've got Whitey, you've got Sutter, an d you feel this obligation to go forward.  And from day one, I think with the ownership we had there, we were really motivated to be caretakers, same situation, wonderful leadership, a complete package of trying to put players in a position to win.  And a player that I know will be here very soon, or hopefully not very soon, but sometime, Albert Pujols.  So I think about the beginning and end of their career, and it's overwhelming.  When I put all that together, here again, I feel very, very fortunate.  Another part of that fortune was being around a man named George Kissell.  This is one of the most important things I wanted to share.  The last year that I tried to play, I was a player/coach, and then I wanted to try to manage.  We didn't have kids so w e agreed, let's try it. And George said, "Here is my advice.  And if you can't do these two things, don't try it."   He says, "If you want to manage or coach, you've got to love the game and you've got to want to learn it." And like all of us who kne w George, everything George said, we did.  And I will tell you that for the next 35, 36 years, it was all about loving the game and learning it, and baseball is incredible, the more you learn, the more you love it.  The more you love it, the more you want to learn.  I think to the people that have taught me, the many mentors and coaches, not just in baseball but in other sports; I look down and I see one represented, Coach Bill Parcells, thanks for being here, Coach.  But loving and learning, I got my fin gers crossed, because I've done this before where I forget something, and I'm about to forget that before our families started, I was born in Tampa and had a very, very strong baseball and family introduction to our game.  My mother and dad were the best parents you could have in all respects and I like to tell her she's my favorite sister and she's my only sister, Eva, and our relatives there, cousins and nieces and nephews, a lot of friends and teammates from Tampa, thanks for being here.  But loving an d learning.  That's what carried us, and what else has been learned.  I learned after retiring from Major League Baseball, and I learned, when you were in a team, you're in a little cocoon and I had two great years plus a little bit learning about just the immensity of Major League Baseball and how many great people work there.  And since I study leadership, I'm going to tell you, the man that's leaving has been a great leader, and I've learned from Commissioner Selig, and like many, we don't want to leave and he's going to leave and we want to commend you for the work you've done.  I also, because I went back in the game recently, you had that little gut feeling about wanting to compete and the Arizona Diamondbacks have given me that oppo rtunity, and toda y I've been di stracted trying to figure out what's happening in Philadelphia.  I hope we're beating the Phillies.  And if anybody can Tweet that or whatever or send me a text, let me know if we're winning.  If we're losing, don't do it.  But I think about what you've learned and I think about conversations over the years, like C oach Parcells , you do that with people in your industry and there's one guy that I talk to more than ever over the years, sometimes three or four times a week for 30 years, we compa red in an honest way, and I think for one of the great baseball mind and managers of any generation out there, Jim Leyland, thank you, Jim.  I'll wrap up the coaching part, not to disrespect anybody, but one of the things I appreciated the most about our three organizations, the owners in the front office never thought that our coaching staff were just fumble (ph) hitters and guys that took a pension.  They really valued their teaching and their importance to try and build a winning situation.  And I have to mention that I think offensively, for many years, the presence of Charley Lau in my life has taught me more about the offensive side of the game, and I think he's revolutionized baseball in a great way.  A lot of guys owe him a lot of money.  On the p itching side, I know Leo is a great coach, I don't disrespect -- I'll say nobody has ever been any better than Dave Duncan.  Somebody asked me the other day, what do you think he was worth.  I said, we got 2,700 wins.  It's in the hundreds, 500, 600, 700, if we didn't have Dunc since '83, you can subtract hundreds of wins.  We have Dave McKay, Pepitone, representing the coaching community.  Thank you, fellas, for what you've done.  Just a couple other things about learning.  I think leadership is more imp ortant than ever in baseball.  Because of free agency and guaranteed contracts and guys seeking fame and fortune, they grew up kind of entitled, it's more important than ever that the people that are trying to put in a position to win have real leadership skills and really work at it.  You've got to fight through those distractions and the distorted ideas about what's right.  So with our team, we really taught that to combine with talent, there were three T's: t eam, tenacity and toughness.  We really work ed on those and I can honestly say that over the years, through the great work of our coaching staff, trainers like Barry Weinberg and Herb Schneider and our equipment men, I know Buddy Bates is here; Steve Vucinich, I think we helped create that.  But I have one pet peeve.  For years, I've heard, Tony's prepared, our team's prepared.  Pr eparing is just studying for the time at the time.  I think what our teams did was we took the test.  We competed like fanatics, every day, all the time, in the right way, and if somebody beat us, we tipped our caps and when we won, we felt good about it.  So with all that said, we did embrace the pressure and the expectations of the different places, but here is the bottom line:  Nothing really has changed about my person al feeling.  I am not comfortable on the stage personally, but I do believe I've finally come up to a resolution.  I was in three great situations, great, with great coaches, great people around, been taught.  And I believe the way to accept this tremendo us honor is as a representative of all those mentors, coaches and members of the Chicago White Sox, Oakland A's and St.  Louis Cardinals.  Thank you.
CRAIG BIGGIO:  Thank you.  This is pretty cool, I must say.  What an incredible honor it is to be standing in front of these great men.  I played against a lot of them, I admired a lot of them, but I respected all of them.  Thank you, Jane, for this honor and all that you do for the Hall.  I'd also like to thank Jeff Idelson, Brad Horn, Whitney, and the Hall of Fame staff for keeping the integrity of the Hall of Fame.  I'd like to thank the writers for the invitation to be part of the greatest team ever, the Baseball Hall of Fame.  I truly am honored.  What an amazing class to be part of.  Big Randy J was a teammate.  I tell you, man, he was an incredible competitor, boy.  We had him for 11 games.  It was amazing to watch in 1988.  John Smoltz, we had a lot of history together.  I'll never forget when we beat you guys in the playoffs.  Finally, at least we got them twice.  They sent us home three times.  He had the class a nd dignity to come into our clubhouse and wish Jeff and I good luck in the second round.  That's just class.  You don't teach that.  Pedro, you brought your A game out there every time you pitched.  You're a little guy, but you pitch like the big unit.  These guys are Hall of Fame players, but they're better people.  So the big question is, how do you get to the Hall of Fame?  You got to have a little bit of talent, and you got to have a lot of help along the way.  My journey started in a little town, Ki ngs Park, New York, not too far from here.  My mother Johanna and father Lee Biggio were two hard - working people who are no longer here, but I know they're watching.  My father was an air traffic controller, though hardly never missed a game.  One of the things he used to like to do was take some rope, tie it around my waist and then tie it to the backstop while throwing me batting practice to try and keep me from lunging.  It worked, but I came home every day with rope burns around my waist.  My mother, never missed a game.  Like most homes, she's the rock.  We spent a lot of time together traveling around from field to field.  I know she's happy today.  I miss you so much, mom, and I really wish you were here today.  My brother Terry, my sister Gwen, we 've been through a lot together.  I love you guys.  My in - laws, Joe and Yolanda Egan were tremendous help along with their three kids, Joey, Timmy, and Kevin.  I took their daughter to Texas 25 years ago and we had three kids there.  I was very lucky to h ave a family that was so helpful and supportive as they have been throughout my life.  Growing up in Kings Park, I had three responsibilities:  school, sports and I had a job.  My job was I had a newspaper route, okay?  It was an afternoon newspaper, the Newsday.  Because most of the time I didn't get home until 7 or 7:30, that's when people on my route eventually got the paper.  Sorry about that.  But on my route, I had a family.  The family's name was the Albens.  They had a boy that came down with leuke mia.  It was right then and there that I understood what a family goes through day in and day out when a family has to go through this.  I made a promise to them if I was ever in a position or situation to give back, I would.  Thus I'm the national spokes person for the Sunshine Kids.  It's an organization that helps kids with cancer and their families.  The Sunshine Kids are a big part of my life and one of the reasons I stayed in Houston for 20 - plus years and continue to live there today.  My memories gr owing up in Kings Park are great.  I had a lot of great people around me.  My football and baseball coaches were hard working and very supporting people.  My first chance to get noticed by schools and scouts was when I played for a guy in Long Island named Marty Hasenfuss.  He was an air traffic controller like my father, but  getting a chance to play for Marty was the first big opportunity I had to be noticed.  I had a chance to be drafted out of high school by the Detroit Tigers, but I decided to go to co llege.  I went to Seton Hall University where I met my wife Patty and had three great years there.  My college coach was Mike Sheppard.  He was a tough man.  He was a marine.  He was a disciplinarian, but he kept you in line.  Most of all he loved his pla yers and he had their backs no matter what.  The man with 999 wins and had hundreds of players get drafted.  Coach Shep's motto was, 'Never lose your hustle,' which is something I took to my pro career.  I'm very grateful to have played for you, Shep.  Th ank you.  Ed Blankmeyer was the assistant coach.  He was a tremendous teacher of the game.  A man who dedicated his life to college athletics, and has done an incredible job at St. John's University as the head baseball coach.  Thanks, Blanky, and keep up the good work.  Fred Hopke was a hitting coach, career minor leaguer for 11 seasons.  He brought a pro - style approach to the program.  He's the first person who taught me how to work myself through an at - bat.  Monsignor Sullivan was the baseball chaplain .  He was my roommate on the road at times, but most importantly he was a friend.  He helped me with my conversion to a Catholicism when I was going through a tough time in my life.  I miss you very much.  My teammates in college, we had a lot of fun toge ther the three years I was there.  We had a good run, especially my last year.  In a regional, we beat Frank Thomas' team, then lost to Billy Spiers' team 2 - 1, then we lost to Frank's team again.  My memories in college are great.  I had a man named Clary Anderson draft me in 1987.  Clary was legendary in New Jersey as a great football coach.  He was our national cross - checker for the Astros.  He gave me a shot and I'll never forget that.  I had two owners in John McMullen and Drayton McLane.  John McMull en was more than an owner, he was like a father figure to me.  We did a lot things together off the field.  Dr.  McMullen kept baseball in Houston when the franchise was struggling.  How many owners come watch a prospect work out in the gym in the middle of winter.  McMullen and Yogi Berra did that.  I was drafted by the Houston Astros the following spring.  Drayton McLane, we spent 17 years together.  We built a new stadium.  We built a successful organization.  But most importantly, I was able to stay wit h one organization for 20 years.  I was loyal to Drayton and he was loyal in return.  Drayton, you were my boss and my owner, but most importantly you were my friend.  I was lucky to have some incredible coaches and managers.  Like a lot of successful or ganizations, you're only going to be successful with good people around you.  One of those coaches was Hall of Famer Yogi Berra.  Yogi was the smartest baseball man I was ever around.  Although he's known for his Yogi - isms, his baseball intellect was secon d to none.  Yogi would say things in a Yogi way, he'd walk by and say some things, I'd be confused.  Then the next half inning, the one thing would happen, then the next half inning the other thing would happen.  I sat back down on the bench and said, Oh, my gosh, I got a lot to learn about this game.  Yogi used to say, You have to have an idea and a plan.  But at the end of the day, keep it simple, stupid.  Then there was Matt Galante, my coach for many years.  I'm not here without that man.  Give him a round of applause, please.  You're an incredible coach and teacher of the game.  In the National League you got to play offense and defense or you don't play at all.  I just made the All - Star Game as a catcher.  The following year the Astros asked me to go play second base, a position that I never played before in my life.  We had six weeks to learn it in spring training.  No pressure, huh, Matt?  A typical day with Matty was we started at 7 a.m., go to a half field when the sun was coming up, work for an hour and a half until 8:45 or so, then go practice with the team from 9 till around noon.  Grab a sandwich, go to the half field again, get some more work done.  Then we go back, play the game.  When the game was over, we went back to the half field again.  We did that every day in spring training for six weeks.  I thank God for Matt Galante and I'm so grateful.  When I won my first Gold Glove, I gave it to him.  Matt, thank you for everything.  For being a great coach, a great teacher, but a better person and a better friend.  I want to thank all the clubhouse guys, the true heartbeat of the team.  Dennis Liborio was the first man I met in the big leagues, truly one of my best friends.  The first time I met him, I walked in the clubhouse and I asked him w here Yogi Berra was.  He said, Who the bleep are you?  Your locker is over there, he turned and walked away from me.  That was the beginning of our relationship.  He can't be here today.  I hope he knows in his heart how much I love him and miss him.  I h ad some pretty special teammates over 20 years, especially my early years.  I was around guys like Nolan Ryan, Billy Doran, Buddy Bell, Terry Puhl.  Being around these guys taught me how to respect the game and play the game the right way day in and day ou t.  It was always about the team.  Ken Caminiti was a great teammate and a better friend.  I miss him a lot.  Nancy, Kendall, Lindsey and Nicole, your father has given us an amazing relationship.  Darryl Kile had the best curve ball I'd ever seen.  Bra d Ausmus, a true friend.  Moises Alou, one of the greatest hitters I ever played with.  Jeff Bagwell, another East Coast kid who just loved to play the game.  We played 15 years together and changed the culture in Houston by making it a baseball town.  We both got to live our dreams together by playing in the big leagues side - by - side.  Thanks for being here today.  It really means a lot.  I want to thank my agent Barry Axelrod.  One of the most important ingredients in success is your agent.  We've been through a lot together over the last 25 years.  I had great confidence in you.  Your hard work and professionalism were part of my ability to stay with one team my entire career.  Barry was just always a phone call away, not just for me, but for all his clients.  I'm very grateful for all that you've done and continue to do, but most of all your friendship.  John Palguta, my family and I could not have done this without you.  Thank you, brother.  To my close friends, the Heberts, Tony, the Union crew, I llianna, my friends at St.  Thomas and the late Monsignor Jamail.  I want to thank you for supporting me in my professional and personal life.  To the Astros fans, where you at?  Let me hear you?  Pedro is going to give you a run for your money.  There you go.  There you go.  You guys are the greatest fans in the world, man.  I love you guys.  I want to thank you for the way you treated my family and I.  I hope that I earned your respect by the way I played the game, and I never took that for granted.  I wi ll never forget the playoff runs we had and the 20 years of memories.  To my family, the most important thing to me in my life.  Conor, a graduate from Notre Dame.  A four - year letterman on the baseball team.  I'm so proud of the man that you've become.  And the man can type.  He typed this for me in like 20 minutes.  Cavan, I am so proud of you and your work ethic on and off the field.  I'm so proud of the man that you're becoming on the field and off as far as a student - athlete.  Cavan just got here la st night around midnight.  He was very fortunate enough to make the Cape Cod All - Star team and played in the game last night, then got his way up there.  I love you.  Congratulations.  I'm very proud of you.  How lucky was I?  I'll never forget the memor ies we had traveling with the team when you guys were batboys, enjoying the three thousand hits on the field together.  Memories of a lifetime.  And to Quinn, you are beautiful and talented.  Although you were young and you may not remember my playing car eer, you sure play like you do.  I'm looking forward to your bright future.  You are a sweetheart and I love you very much.  Save the best for last.  To my wife Patty.  You gave me three incredible kids, but most of all you gave me my best friend the last 25 years.  You're a great person, and our kids are who they are because of you.  The baseball life is a great life, but it's a very hard life.  I was always in and out for eight months.  You were the one who did everything for the kids.  You were a mom, a dad, hitting coach, the driver, the list goes on.  But most of all, you were there and made things normal for our kids.  And last, I gave the game everything I had every day.  In baseball, tomorrow is not guaranteed, and I tried to play every game as if it was going to be my last.  I want to thank the game for everything.  The game has given me everything:  my family, my friends, respect, but most of all memories of a lifetime.  Thank you very, very much from the bottom of my heart.
JOHN SMOLTZ:  Wow.  Hope you're ready for a wild ride 'cause I'm going to warm you up for Pedro and Randy, and you nev er know what's going to be coming.  This is truly a treat.  I want to talk about four significant phone calls in my life.  The first was getting drafted by the Detroit Tigers, a dream that a hometown kid would have.  The second one was not the best of p hone calls.  It was getting traded by the Detroit Tigers to the Atlanta Braves, the worst team in all of baseball at the time.  The third was very significant, and I will touch on it later.  It was a call from Tommy John, encouraging me to continue with m y career at the age of 34.  The fourth call is not something I ever dreamed about.  I don't know, I can't speak for the rest of Hall of Famers, but on January 6, when I got the call letting me know that I had been inducted into the Hall of Fame, words and emotions could not describe.  The phone rang.  I was just thankful that Greg Maddux had not put up an ultimate prank in letting me know that this was not for real.  Thankfully they told me quickly that I had made it.  I truly want to thank the Hall of F ame, Jane Forbes Clark, and Jeff Idelson, for what they've done and preserved the character of this great Hall.  For Brad Horn, Whitney, all the people behind the scenes making this like the perfect wedding, orchestrating it to the fullest.  And of course the Baseball Writers of America, your votes obviously got me to this point.  I cannot thank you enough.  To Randy, Pedro and Craig, I will never forget this class.  It is a class that I have had the utmost respect for each and every one of them.  Of cour se, Craig, I've competed the most against.  It's hard to believe that I never competed against Randy Johnson.  I can't say that I'm sorry.  But I don't think we ever hooked up.  I had a seat in the bullpen when he pitched his perfect game as I was the clo ser for the Braves.  Actually half - heartedly started to warm up in the ninth, it was a 2 - 0 game, knowing full well I didn't think I was going to get in that game.  But at 6'10", he was truly the freak that mastered the game in a way that no other could.  In a weird way with Pedro Martinez being on the opposite end the spectrum, me in the middle at 6'3", it shows why baseball is a game of all sizes and shapes and why truly it is America's pastime.  Craig is a teammate that you always wanted and a guy you n ever wanted to play against.  And Pedro, you got me in a lot of trouble facing you in my career.  You were the most dominant pitcher I'd ever seen.  It was Bugs Bunny.  In today's world it was basically Nintendo or any kind of game you watch, that's the ki nd of stuff you had.  I got fined $100 for check swinging, hurting my wrist against you.  Thanks a lot.  Well, I'm going to try to do it backwards.  I'm going to do the tough part first.  I never thought I'd ever read a speech, but for the sake of time, I'm going to do.  I want you to know the best way to describe my career is unique.  I can't think of another word.  It's unique in every way.  I have fingerprints all over my career by those who touched me and impacted me and helped me along the way.  It' s a huge army that got me from Lansing, Michigan, to where I am today.  I'm not going to touch on all of them.  I'm going to do that in a personal way.  There's too many people to thank.  I know I'll forget somebody.  But I will take care of you on the bac k end, I promise.  But I will be talking about some who made it possible to reach this dream.  To my wife Kathryn, the hardest thing to do is when we met six years ago transition from a baseball career to retirement.  As Craig mentioned, this life is a gr eat life but a cruel life, a tough one.  You made that transition so seamless, I can't even thank you enough.  You took a blended family and you made them seem like your own.  You love my kids as if they were your own.  You saw me at my worst, trying to m ake a comeback with the Boston Red Sox after major shoulder surgery.  I truly could not have made it without you.  Everything you did for this event, it's not possible.  I'm letting you know right now there's too many moving parts.  I love you so much.  Y ou're where my place of comfort and peace really is.  I look forward to the future as a retired -- well, broadcaster for the MLB Network as we transition our career.  To my kids, Andrew, Rachel, Carly and Kelly, I can't tell you what it's like for the jou rney of a major league player, you sacrificed so much.  I love you very much.  You adjusted and adapted to the challenges in our life.  It wasn't the perfect road.  You knew it wouldn't be.  I always tried to give you the best of what I had.  I can't wait to see what God has for every one of you as you pursue your passions.  Be unique, they are your own.  I can't wait to see the families that you are able to raise, as well.  To Sara Kathryn and Ashley, my two stepdaughters, can't imagine what you were thin king when your mom and I got married and you were starting a whole new journey.  Your willingness to adapt with the twists and turns and your ability to just go with the flow, it seems like we've been meant to be together our whole lives.  I can't tell you how much I love you guys.  To my mom and dad, this is where the story gets interesting, you did so much for me to get me to this point.  You didn't know much about sports or baseball.  You pretty much knew what you knew, and that was playing the accordio n because that's how you met.  You were accordion teachers and I thank you for the opportunity to start me on my quest to be the next Lawrence Welk at the age of four.  I played till the age of seven.  Then I hit you with the ultimate whopper of all whoppe rs.  At the age of seven I said, I know what I want to be in life, and I'm going to be a Major League baseball player.  He loved me enough to give me room to go after my dream.  You didn't discourage me from leaving the accordion for Major League Baseball.  You just told me to have a backup dream, and I did that as well.  Even though it was a gas station attendant at the time, I thought that was pretty cool.  I cannot imagine the odds and what you felt when I told you I was going to play Major League Base ball.  These things might have caused you to sway me in a different direction.  You not only allowed me to pursue this newfound passion of mine, you went on a journey to find opportunities for me to play this great game of baseball.  You served as a great example for me and all future parents, that when a kid has a dream, no matter how outrageous or outlandish it might be, giving them the chance to pursue that is the greatest thing in life.  You put aside what you knew and what you thought would fall in the family line of tradition of great accordion players, I can't thank you enough.  I'm proud of the way I grew up, the heritage in which we grew up.  The polka music on the eight - track tapes, I enjoyed it all.  You taught me so much to not be afraid of who I am, to learn, to laugh, to cry, you gave me the characteristics and morals by which I live by today.  I'm so thankful.  Dad, you taught me my competitiveness, your unwillingness to let me win at the age of four and five was relentless, but I thought it w as great because I returned the favor when I got a chance to.  You taught me to honor God first, family second, school third, and sports fourth.  You put the priorities where they needed to be, and you stood by them.  I thank you for that.  To my brother and sister, I can't thank you enough for sacrificing your summers.  Thankfully we didn't grow up in Florida or warm weather where you fall prey to playing every day or all year.  Two months in Michigan is long enough.  But you sacrificed enough for me.  O ne year apart, close - knit family, following my 21 - year career, you were there at every turn, when I needed you the most.  My extended family is my biggest army in the world and I can't thank them enough because of everything we did.  We were close - knit and we had a blast.  Yes, it always involved playing the accordion and dancing.  One thing I never did do was dance, but I played the accordion.  I can't thank you enough for the love you had and I can't possibly repay you all.  To my extended family, to my in - laws for jumping on this ride, not knowing exactly what you're going to get, this is a cool ending so far in the midst of my journey.  My baseball journey began outside our home in Lansing, Michigan.  I have a unique story.  I already told you about th e accordion.  I had a wild imagination.  Before I go any further, Jeff Foxworthy, I'm not going to tell any corny jokes.  Relax, I can see you tense up as we speak.  I started with a rubber ball and a brick wall.  For those who know me, this won't come as a surprise.  The GM, the manager, the pitching coach, the grounds crew, the play - by - play, you name it, in my mind I did it.  I would stand outside that wall in a generous strike zone and pitch the greatest games ever known to mankind.  I'm a self - taught b aseball player, Tiger fanatic growing up.  I would watch someone and immediately emulate them outdoors.  Thankfully didn't have the technology that exists today that kind of distracts our attention to get outside and do that which we love.  I'm also happy to say that in all those big games that I pitched in my life, I won them all.  I truly believe if the moment were to get there, I would be a little kid on the mound relishing in the fact that I get to do this 'cause I've already done it in my mind so many different times.  Growing up in Lansing was incredible.  It's where my baseball career kind of took off.  My best friend Chuck Cascarilla, we did everything together.  We thought of games, we went outside, we were constantly doing whatever it took.  For a lot of you in the stands that might not know what it is, we played a lot of strike - out, pickup baseball, games that I'll never forget.  Aside from my family and Chuck, a guy that I call my second dad, I owe great gratitude to, could not make it today, a t home in Lansing, Michigan, hopefully watching, Carl Wagner, dedicated over 50 years of his baseball life teaching and honoring kids.  Over 50 years he provided the opportunity for kids to go out and play the great game of baseball.  He taught me to never be complacent, never think you arrived, because there's always somebody working harder to take your job and be better than you are.  Two other significant people from Lansing, Javier Cavazos dedicates his life to teaching youth all over Lansing, and he h as been a big influence on me putting me in situations.  He may be one of the few people that as a coach will understand Pedro Martinez, because he told me in a game in Brooklyn, New York, where I gave up four two - run homers in an inning, I'm not afraid to fail and I learned from some of the greatest failure moments in my life.  In Brooklyn, New York, they were all yelling at me in Spanish.  He came out.  He said, You want to know what they said?  You might as well tell me as you're taking me out.  He sai d, They were yelling to get Ben - Gay for your neck because every time you threw a pitch you'd turn around because it was over the fence.  Thank you, Javier, for your humility as well as your ability to teach kids.  For Phil Odlum, my high school basketbal l coach, I had the two greatest years of my life.  I loved every minute of my life where I grew up, where it ends and where it's going.  You gave me the keys to lead a basketball or baseball team that I would take later and pursue that in my big league que st, to be the best baseball player, but the best teammate I possibly can be.  To start with the drafts, I have to thank the Tigers for drafting me in the 22nd round.  I think I'm the latest round draft pick to be in the Hall of Fame.  If it were not the s couts, the backbone of our game, for seeing what I had, the motor that was ticking inside the 6'3", 180 - pound skinny kid, this would all not be possible.  Drafted by my hometown team was a dream come true, as I said.  I had a unique situation where I got drafted, the last day before you go to college.  Imagine getting drafted and going to the team you idolized and staying with them for 35 days in the big leagues.  Instead of going to rookie ball, I went to the big club, got a chance to see what the heroes were doing in their locker room, in their home.  I got to say this:  As odd and as in awe as I was of these guys, I remember sitting in the locker room at Tiger Stadium, a fish out of water, scared to death a Hall of Famer in my mind, a guy I will never fo rget in making the first impression in my pro career, came up to me and said, Hi, I'm Alan Trammell.  Anything I can do for you, don't hesitate to ask.  This house is your house.  I will never forget.  I thank you, Alan Trammell, for teaching me what a pr ofessional baseball player is all about.  It was as if he introduced and gave me a baton and said, Now, pay this forward every chance you can because this game has a chance to impact a lot of people.  And I have done that to the best of my ability thanks to Alan Trammell's imprint in my life, just that five - to 20 - second time of his day took to welcome a newcomer to the game.  I also want to thank a good friend of mine, Bruce Fields, taking me into an instructional league.  Right after big leagues I went right into instructional league and I worked 6'3", 185, went into a home of veterans.  They helped and nurtured me for the big leagues, thanks to his wife Julie, they put 20 pounds on me, which I desperately needed.  Now the most infamous trade in Atlanta Braves history.  I can't spend enough time talking about this gentleman.  I will hear about it later from the fellow Hall of Famers that I respect, but Bobby Cox is every single thing to me on why I stand up here today.  He was the general manager that t ook the chance and made the trade and got me over to Atlanta.  And, yes, sir, they were the worst team in baseball at the time.  It was the most devastating time of my life.  But I realized I would have an opportunity to pitch in an organization that despe rately needed pitching.  I used to only think of that trade as myself and what it did for me.  Tom Glavine reminded me that that trade opened up a spot for him in the big leagues and he never looked back.  I'm glad that two - for - one worked out.  Bobby bec ame my manager.  He's the reason I stayed in the organization for 20 years.  I would rather go nowhere else.  As I said, time does not permit me to tell you what an incredible manager, the history I was able to watch.  He empowered people, he gave you conf idence when you didn't have it.  He was a tremendous leader.  I owe a great amount of my career to this man.  Because of the faith that he had in me, it was the reason I was able to make the transition from starter to closer, then start back to starter.  He believed in everything I did.  He knew my personality.  He allowed me to play golf, which always puts a smile on my face.  It's the reason that the three of us were able to play as long as we did.  The starting rotation will be talked about for the res t of time and maybe always compared to things.  But to do something and make it come full circle, to talk about the two greatest teammates, the two greatest pitchers that got inducted, I was watching them actually rip me a new one, enjoying every second of it.  I thought we would go back in time and just do this for a second.  Glav, Maddux, back when I had hair, we had the time of our lives.  It's the only time, Greg, you're not going to be able to talk about my bald head.  What I want to talk about is the time we had playing golf and pitching.  What you don't know about Greg and Tom is you know that all the statistics got him here and they got him here in the Hall of Fame.  But they did things behind the scenes for me that I will never, ever forget.  When I lost my change - up, they were there helping me to find it.  When I lost my golf book, which was the prize of what I had, because I was the golf concierge, they looked tirelessly and helped me find it.  Recently I lost 20 pounds, and they helped me find it .  Thank you, guys.  I cannot say enough about them.  As time permits, obviously you know how much we have been together.  Tommy for 15 years, Greg for 10.  To Chipper Jones, soon to be inducted in the Hall of Fame, another one of the Atlanta Braves.  I'm not going to say anything about him because he'll have the mic last.  Would somebody please steal his Twitter account.  Thanks to all the trainers that worked so hard.  I'm a medical miracle that stands before you today.  I spent more time in the trainin g room.  I can't thank them for their patience.  I know I drove them crazy.  Dave Pursley, Jeff Porter, and Jim Lovell, everybody else that had a hand in my career.  I can't thank you all enough.  Like I said, I hope one day to be able to give you somethin g special.  To Chris Verna and Peter Hughes, you were invaluable in my career and crucial for the day - to - day what it took to get to the mound.  To all the doctors in Atlanta, I spent a lot of time counseling with you and seeing how it was going to be pos sible to throw another pitch.  One doctor I spent the most time with and the most passionate doctor, as Tommy said and even Greg, Dr.  Joe Chandler, there's no possible way I could have done this without you.  I can't thank you enough.  You are everything I could ask for in your profession.  You watched the medical miracle keep existing.  We had many times at your house, in your office, and I can't thank you enough for the time you spent with me.  It's invaluable.  To all the pitching coaches I had, rovin g pitching coaches in Detroit, John Hiller and Ralph Treuel, bearing with the wild stallion.  Thank you to Bruce Dal Canton, my first pitching coach.  Then Roger McDowell, of course.  My first encounter of Leo Mazzone is when I came over from the Detroit T igers in a trade.  He helped simplify my mechanics and my ability to pitch.  With the throwing program we were able to use over the last 15 years of my career is the reason we stayed healthy.  Thank you, Leo, for your patience and your diligence in seeing something through and making it work.  To my good friend Greg Olson who is here today.  We hit it off right away on the field and off.  His upbeat attitude helped me get through so many of my tough games.  I'll never forget him jumping in my arms against the Astros, the first time we were able to get to the playoffs.  He jumped in my arms, I never anticipated after nine innings, he was pretty heavy, but at that time he felt pretty light.  We got a chance to do it again after Game 7 after an unbelievable g ame of Steve Avery 1 - 0 in Pittsburgh.  Jumped into my arms again, and we were on to the World Series.  This all happening after a 2 - 11 first start, and then Bobby's patience and faith and a 12 - 2 second half allowed this all to be possible.  We never plann ed it, but however we were working on a Trifecta in Game 7 against Jack Morris.  We were one run away from that happening.  It didn't happen.  My idol growing up Jack Morris ruined that incredible opportunity to have three times you jumping in my arms.  T hank you, Ollie, for all we did and all we did in our friendship, all the catchers I had.  I was not an easy person to catch.  I can't thank them enough for their willingness to get me through a game.  To Brian McCann, now with the New York Yankees, it tr uly was a privilege to teach him what I learned from a lot of the other catchers in our game.  To all my teammates, I can't name you all, I thank you for what we had, an incredible run.  My goal in life was to be the best teammate that I possibly could be .  That meant caring for you on and off the field, being there doing my best to be prepared, laughing, joking, golfing, whatever it took.  I cared about each and every one of them.  That was our family away from our family and we spent a lot of time and go od times together.  A special thanks to the great centerfielder I've ever seen in Andruw Jones.  Andruw Jones caught more fly balls that I threw than probably anybody else.  He was truly a pleasure to be playing behind.  To the Atlanta Braves organizatio n, to wear this great uniform and represent the great state of Georgia, I never took one day for granted.  Wearing this uniform, I played every game as if it was my last.  The Braves uniform became such a platform for not only your foundation, but my later foundation I formed and the charities we were able to touch.  I can't wait to represent these organizations in the future as now representing the greatest team behind me in the Hall of Fame.  A special thank you to the Boston Red Sox for taking a chance on a broken - down guy recovering from a shoulder surgery.  I can't thank you enough for this experience, giving me an opportunity.  Although I did not do very well, I am so sorry for that.  But giving me that opportunity, you showed me what another organiza tion's view is like and the rich history you had.  To the St.  Louis Cardinals, I will never thank you for giving me that chance after being released by the Boston Red Sox, and deservedly so by the way, for giving me an opportunity to end my career in what was an improbable and unbelievable playoff season.  For Tony La Russa, I can't thank you enough for making me feel like one of your own, trusting me with the ball in some of the big moments.  I will never forget these two organizations because I would re tire after wearing the Cardinals uniform in 2009.  Last but not least, I want to steal a little bit of what Craig Biggio said in my speech, I want to thank the clubhouse guys.  They are the heart and soul of our team.  They are the heart and soul of every junk we bring to them.  I watch these kids grow up from kids to adults to now having families.  It started with Casey Stevenson, Chris Van Zant, Ben Acree to name a few.  Bill, for all the things you did away from the game.  The game consumes you and you need things to be in the proper order, in the right way.  I can't thank you enough.  John Schuerholz, Terry McGuirk, the whole Braves organization, you treated me as the family I now have in Atlanta and will forever live there, Lord willing.  John Holland and Fred Stone in spring training, I had so much fun with the guys behind the scenes because they never get enough time to be noticed or even know that they're there.  Sometimes get treated in a way that doesn't represent what the game is.  Before I hand it over to the next inductee, I'd be remiss if I did not talk about Tommy John.  I've been given an opportunity as one of the only players, the only one right now to be inducted into the Hall of Fame, with Tommy John surgery.  It's an epidemic, something affecting our game.  It's something I thought would cost me my career.  Thanks to Dr. James Andrews and all those before him, performing the surgery with such precision has caused it to be almost a false read like a Band - Aid you put on your arm.  I want t o encourage the families and parents that are out there to understand that this is not normal to have a surgery at 14 and 15 years old.  You have a time.  Baseball is not a year - round sport.  You have an opportunity to be athletic and play other sports.  Don't let the institutions that are out there running before you guaranteeing scholarship dollars and signing bonuses that this is the way.  We have such great dynamic arms in our game that it's a shame that we're having one, two, three Tommy John recipien ts.  I want to encourage you if nothing else, know that your children's desire and passion to play baseball is something they can do without a competitive pitch.  Every throw a kid makes today is a competitive pitch.  They don't go outside, they don't thro w enough.  They're competing and maxing out too hard too early.  That's why we're having these problems.  Please, take care of those great future arms.  To Tommy John, I can't thank you enough for the phone call, whether you were coerced or not.  The phon e call at the age of 34 years old meant the world to me.  Emotionally I'd given up.  I thought that no one would wait for a pitcher of my age on the last year of my contract.  Thank you for encouraging me.  That was a pivotal part of my career to push thro ugh what I thought might be a career - ending.  At 34, and 14 post - season years and 200 post - season innings is one of the reasons that I thought Tommy John, besides genetics, had happened to me.  Because of Dr. Andrews and the team that had been before him, I had confidence that the surgery would work and the rest would write its story.  Last but not least, or close to last but not least, I want to thank Mike Nixon, Scott Runyun for taking our family up here in a plane.  That was an absolute gift.  As you c an see, my family is huge.  It takes an army.  Thank you for your generosity.  Being inducted into the Hall of Fame is one of the greatest honors that I could have here on earth.  However, I know there's another one coming.  The ultimate Hall of Fame.  I want to thank God for the talent He has given me and the support system that I have.  I would not be the man I am today if it were not for a couple people who sowed seeds into my life, telling me about Christ and telling me to take a deeper look into my f aith.  Jose Alvarez, Marty Clary, Sid Bream, Terry Pendleton, the list could go on.  They took the time, not to care so much about my talent, but the heart and the man I would become.  Jackie and Ken Kendall, Mike and Kellie McCoy, Walt and Patty Wiley, a nd last Tim Cash and Barb, these are the people through the toughest times of my life, the intimacy of knowing what life has challenged you with, they've been in my every corner.  They've allowed me to know that I have more to live for than just the unifor m I was wearing.  They gave me the greatest gift, to find my salvation in Christ.  I can't thank you enough for caring enough to invest your time and heart in me.  I have a unique group of men that meet every Thursday in JR's.  Jeff Foxworthy and the like s of so many men who have, through those days, taught me the impact I can make just beyond wearing a uniform.  I'm so humbled to be a member of the National Baseball Hall of Fame, I'm honored by so many of my family members.  To be here in Cooperstown is not something I ever dreamt.  I know along the way I forgot some people, but in my baseball career, I've been around two men that I would entrust my children with, I would leave my children with, who have represented me in baseball with the first class and degree in it that I always wanted my parents to be proud of.  Myles Shoda and Lonnie Cooper, I cannot thank you enough for taking care of my needs away from the game and my intentions, yours.  It's so vital.  To the guys who introduced me in transition to broadcasting.  Thank you for taking the time for taking a simple - minded, no vocabulary, accordion - playing player into transition to baseball.  Thank you to the MLB Network.  It started with TBS.  I can't think of another home I'd rather be and take the abuse when I get back from a great organization like the MLB Network.  Think I covered it all.  I am thankful, honored and blessed.  Thank you very, very much.
RANDY JOHNSON:  Thank you.  I'm so honored and privileged to be here.  I'll forever be linked to the 2015 inductee class with John, Craig and Pedro.  Thank you.  There's a lot of people on this journey that I 've had for 20 years in the Major Leagues.  That's what it's about for me today.  Giving the recognition that they so readily deserve.  First I'd like to thank all the sportswriters for voting me into the Baseball Hall of Fame.  Thank you.  Secondly I'd like to thank the Hall of Fame executives and staff.  Jane, you have brought hospitality to a new level for my family, guests and me.  Thank you. I never thought I would be on this stage, baseball's greatest fraternity.  It's humbling to look behind me a nd see the best who have ever played this game.  I had the honor of playing against many of these gentlemen, some I watched on TV.  But it would have been really fun to face you, Reggie.  My journey in baseball lasted 44 years.  I started when I was seven years old playing little league baseball in Livermore, California, a small little town.  Went from little league to Babe Ruth to high school.  I'd like to say thank you to Steve Fallon and his mom Betty for coming all the way from Livermore, California, to be here.  Thank you.  After my time in Livermore, California was over, it was a decision I had to make.  I got drafted by the Atlanta Braves, and I also had an opportunity to go to college.  I chose to go to college and further my education.  I played for the legendary baseball Coach Rod Dedeaux at USC.  A few of my teammates are here.  Thanks for being here, Albee, Phil, Randy.  You traveled a long ways.  Thank you.  I didn't learn how to throw a lot of strikes there, but I did learn how to take a few pitchers.  That's my passion today, always has been and always will be.  After USC, I was drafted in 1985 by the Montréal Expos.  The first team that gave me an opportunity to play in the Major Leagues.  I'm forever indebted to them.  As you know, my min or league was not stellar.  It took me four years in the minor leagues to finally get a call - up, a September call - up.  I relished that moment to get to pitch in Montréal against the Pittsburgh Pirates.  The following year, 1989, didn't go so well.  I got sent back down to the minor leagues.  Then I was part of a trade from Montréal to Seattle that would bring Mark Langston from Seattle to Montréal, and myself, Brian Holman and Gene Harris to Seattle.  Brian is here with his wife.  Thank you for traveling s o far on this important day for me.  The trade to Seattle set my career in motion.  It was my apprenticeship.  10 years there.  I played with Ken Griffey, Jr., Edgar Martinez, Omar Vizquel, Dan Wilson, and so many more.  Ken Griffey, Jr., will for sure be here next year.  There were some lean years there in Seattle as we were learning how to play our game.  Lou Piniella came into place and 'Refuse to lose' became our motto in 1995.  With his leadership and his guidance, we came down in '95 to a one - game p layoff.  Ironically enough I would pitch against the same guy I got traded for to Montréal, Mark Langston, for the AL West.  Very magical moment for Seattle.  Very proud to have played there for 10 years.  Thank you, Seattle.  I'd also like to thank owner ship for being here on this important day to me.  Howard Lincoln, Chris Larson, Kevin Martinez, and one of only a few catchers that could handle me over my 22 - year career, and understand me, Dan Wilson and his wife Annie.  As my time finished up in Seattl e, I went to Houston for two months.  It would inevitably be the two best months of my career, pitching 11 starts and going 10 - 1.  The Houston Astrodome wasn't bad to pitch in either, was it, Nolan?  Then I became a free agent, going back home to Arizona, meeting Jerry Colangelo.  He had a vision for that baseball team in Arizona.  I bought into it.  He believed in me.  I played there.  The ball started in motion there.  Individual accomplishments are great, but in 2001, we had a team that in spring train ing we were all on the same page and we never deviated or wavered from that.  It led us to the World Series against the greatest team of all time, the New York Yankees.  Those are some very memorable moments there in Arizona.  I'm so grateful for everybod y that I played with, and the franchise.  I moved on from Arizona and then I went on to New York.  I still remember getting a phone call from George Steinbrenner welcoming me to play for the New York Yankees.  I also enjoyed playing for Joe Torre.  After two years in New York, I came back to Arizona, 2007, 2008.  Recovering from back surgery, I thank Derrick Hall and Ken Kendrick for having me come back to Arizona.  In 2009, I finished my career in San Francisco.  There's so many memorable moments when I was growing up as a young boy watching the Vida Blue pitch in Oakland, and watching Willie Mays also play before that when I was even younger for San Francisco.  My career in baseball didn't go without being injured.  Having four knee surgeries, three bac k surgeries, and I tore my rotator cuff the last year of my career and still tried to pitch through it.  I'll be forever in debt for all the doctors and trainers that worked with me.  Brett Fischer, a very good friend, my physical therapist that lasted 22 years, getting me through my career, these knee surgeries, back surgeries, a torn rotator cuff.  I'll be forever indebted to you, Brett.  Thank you for traveling out here for my important day.  As I said, there was a lot of catchers in my career over 22 years.  I feel blessed that I had the opportunity to pitch to so many.  Dan Wilson, Damian Miller.  The game in Atlanta wouldn't have been perfect without Robby Hammock.  Thank you.  Then there's you, the fans.  I've had a chance to play for six different teams, never really having a place I could call home like Craig, to play my entire career there.  I got to know a lot of ball players, played with some of the greatest of my era.  Played for wonderful fans every stop along the way.  If I was a visiting p layer coming in to pitch against your team, you motivated me by screaming at me.  If you were rooting for me, I would run through a brick wall for you and throw as many pitches as I needed to throw to get that game and us a victory.  Now that my baseball career is over, I have the opportunity to support our USO, our troops all around the world.  In six years of retirement, I've been on seven USO tours, Iraq, Kuwait, Afghanistan, South Korea, Cuba.  It means a lot for me to see our men and women doing what they do for all of us.  We wouldn't be here without the sacrifices of our men and women that protect our country.  At this time I would like to point out and recognize two of my friends from the Wounded Warrior Project in Arizona that traveled all the way to be with me.  Roy Halvorgen and Specialist Kenji Knee - ha - Poll.  Thank you.  Without your service to this country, nothing would be possible.  I'm so grateful for you.  Thank you very much for being here.  Now to my family.  My dad passed away in 1992, on Christmas Day.  He saw three years of my career.  Not a lot to brag about.  But there was that one game where I threw a no - hitter.  I gave him a call, but he said it was far from perfect, I had walked seven batters.  13, 14 years later, I was perfect, d ad, that one game.  As I said, I grew up in the Bay Area.  I emulated Vida Blue.  He was the local left - handed pitcher I could watch on a daily basis pitching for the Oakland A's.  I would be out in the front yard throwing a tennis ball against our garage door, a wooden garage door.  My dad would come out after about half an hour with a hammer, put the hammer down and say, When you're done playing catch against the wall, make sure you pound all those nails in.  He also took the time as a police officer wh en his shift was over to come in his police uniform and watch me pitch in high school.  I never forgot those moments.  Then there's my mom, the backbone to our family, working 25 years for General Electric as a secretary.  I'm one of six children.  She ra ised six children, still had a full - time job, and came home and fed us, took care of all of us.  Thank you, mom.  You're the Hall of Famer.  I can remember when I was seven years old going to my first little league practice.  She and my dad were both at w ork.  It was the way we were raised.  We were kind of tough as young ones.  You kind of did things on your own.  I took myself to where practice was being held.  I came home confused because there were so many people there.  By the time she got home, I was walking through the door having never made the little league practice.  She took me by the hand, took me to my first little league practice, making sure that baseball would start for me on that day.  I love you, mom.  I love you so much.  You're the most important person in my life.  Then there's my siblings.  My brother Jeff, my brother Greg who passed away, my sisters Sue, Cathy and Debbie.  You're all the oldest, I'm the youngest, and I'm so grateful that you looked out for your little brother along th e way.  As Craig and John said, baseball is a long sport.  You're not home much.  Someone has to run the household.  I'll be forever in debt to Lisa for looking out for our children and raising them.  Thank you.  Three daughters and a son.  Samantha, Wil low, Lexie and Tanner.  There's no accomplishments I achieved that would ever outweigh anything that you could ever do in life.  I'm so blessed and happy that I'm watching you guys grow up and become young adults.  I'm so proud of you.  When I won my 300t h game, it was supposed to be a special moment, and it was.  But my son was the batboy that day.  I had pitched six innings, was watching the game in the dugout.  I was watching his every move in a San Francisco Giants uniform.  We were getting closer to t he finish of the game.  He was standing on the top step.  As soon as the last out was made, I watched his emotions.  That's what I took from that game that day.  Winning the 300th game was great, but watching how emotional my son was was even better.  So many of the reasons that I've been inducted in the Hall of Fame are long gone now.  I no longer have a fastball.  I no longer have a bad mullet.  And my scowl is long gone.  I'm so happy to be elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame and be in the greatest fra ternity of all time.  And you the fans to share this great moment with me.  In closing, I would just like to thank everybody for being here, and my special friends the Wounded Warriors, and also Zach Farmer who I don't know personally, but I called him tw o days ago.  He's dying with leukemia.  I was reached by two different people to give him a call.  He was an All - American at Ohio State, left - handed pitcher, wanted to talk to me.  I called him a couple days ago.  He doesn't have long to live.  Zach, I lo ve you.  I've never met you before, but hang in there.  Thank you once again.  I appreciate it.
PEDRO MARTINEZ:  Thank you so much.  There we go.  Hola!  Hola!  Well, now let's go to the serious stuff.  A lot of people been sitting down for a long time.  It's now time to get serious.  (Speaking in Spanish.) I'm going to start in English, but I'm pretty sure I'll finish in Spanish.  Let me just start by saying may God bless each and every one of you here today.  Before anything, I would like to apologize because I'm speaking here in a second language.  Remember, I'm Dominican.  Even though I get away with English pretty well, I remain Dominican, and I have a hard time sometimes expressing myself this way.  So bear with me, everybody.  Please bear with me.  I'm going to have to translate, as well.  So bear with me.  Be patient.  If forget someone to mention, please don't feel bad.  It's been 32 years before we get this opportunity to get here.  If I get emotional or I don't say something or don't mention someone or don't say it appropriately, please forgive me.  Well, first of all, welcome, every body.  I would like to take a moment to actually say hello to all my peers, the Hall of Fame, Jane, Jeff, Brad, the whole staff.  Thank you for having us.  It's a great honor to be here.  It's a great moment, not only for me, but for my family.  It's a gre at moment for the Dominican Republic and Latin America.  I would like to also welcome my amigo, the new commissioner, Rob Manfred.  We have a lot of work to do in the Dominican Republic to keep bringing people to the Hall of Fame.  I would like to thank MLB baseball also.  I would like to actually thank my colleagues over there.  I got you!  Hello, Greg, John, everybody.  I have you here.  You're hanging in my heart.  Well, Tony Clark is not here, but he represents the Players' Association, the one that we were part of for a long time, for me 18 years.  I would like to thank the members of the media that actually voted us in.  I couldn't thank you enough.  In '99, I had a little stretch where I felt you guys didn't like it, didn't like me so well.  But, hey, you made it up.  You really show that you really care when it matters.  I think I just made three new brothers, three guys that while competing against them and looking at them and learning from them, gave me great joy, a lot to learn, a lot to take with me up to this moment.  Greg, what a headache you were on the bases and hitting, as well.  Too bad I couldn't realize that I couldn't throw fastballs up and away on time, especially late in the count.  John, what a competitor.  If you put me and Rand y together, I always say this, as far as staff is compared, I think Randy and I make the same stuff that you carried yourself.  That's how talented you were, John.  I appreciate you, bro.  Randy Johnson, the big unit.  My brother from another mother!  How much I enjoyed getting to know you and having you coming over to this class with me.  Thank you, bro, you are special.  I just want to ask you a question:  How does the weather feel when you stand up?  My class of 2015 is a unique class, today is a uniqu e day.  Today I don't have enough words to actually thank you all enough.  My peers back here, the veterans, in the next dinner we have, I know I'm going to be with the Punching Judys.  I heard that already.  I would also like to welcome all the government officials from the United States, from the Dominican Republic.  We have a huge package of people representing the country, the people.  Thank you so much.  Also the officials here, I know the Secretary of the Navy is here.  He became a friend, also a fan from Boston.  So welcome aboard.  Well, all of you, thank you for being here.  Dominican pride is here.  As you know, we all have people to thank.  We all have different reasons that made us special and made us be here.  I don't think I could have been h ere without having all the things that I had happen in my life in general, and also as a player.  I would like to thank my people from Dominican and my family members and all the friends from all over the country that came over.  I would like to thank Ame rica for the opportunity that baseball had to offer for me.  Words have the power to build you or break you.  I chose two words to describe pretty much how I feel today in this special day with all of you.  There's so many things I would like to say that I don't know if I will find the words in Spanish or English.  But, my God, I'm thankful.  I'm thankful for everything.  The two words I chose today were 'God' and 'thank you'.  I chose God because He's the reason we're all here.  He is the one that allows us to be here.  He's the one that pretty much builds the way for you to make it here, to actually become who you are.  I have here the reason why Pedro was so determined out there.  I have here the glory of God with me, and I can only look to my left a l ittle bit, and I have all the motivation I needed to be the way I was in baseball:  my family.  My kids.  Boys, you don't know what you're taking on when you take baseball.  It's very hard.  But it's rejoicing to be here.  Kids, I love you guys.  You are actually my legacy, my generation next.  It's a huge commitment, as you can see, not only with baseball, not only with your peers, not only with the fans.  You have a huge commitment with the legacy that I have built for you guys.  So thank you, God, for t hem, and I love you all.  My mom, the nucleus of my family.  My dad is not here today.  But I have a second dad.  Ramon, you're right there.  You were my second dad.  My brother Ramon, another veteran in the big leagues.  I followed his footsteps and led me to where I didn't expect to be today.  Thank you, bro, for being my support, for cleaning the way where I was going to walk.  So thank you, bro, I love you.  I respect you, as well.  The rest of my family, my brother Jesus.  Let me say something to e verybody now that I can.  In 2002, I wasn't given a Cy Young supposedly because I missed the start.  Well, that Cy Young I didn't win because I chose to give an opportunity to a kid named Josh Hancock.  And why do I bring it up?  Because out of four brothe rs that we are, Ramon, Nelson, me and eventually Jesus, three of us made it to the big leagues.  But Jesus is not in the record books because the organization he was playing for did not find the chance to give him one pitch in the big leagues so that he co uld be in the records.  That was the main reason why I decided not to take that outing, but to give it to Josh Hancock.  I felt bad that my brother Jesus did not experience what it was like to pitch in that game that day.  So, Jesus, don't feel bad.  We pitch enough for you.  We're here.  So love you.  Baseball is yours, too.  What we get is ours.  I would like to thank God also for my beautiful wife, my other mother, Luz Maria, my other partner in crime Ana Lelia, my cousins, nephews.  Lilly, I don't ha ve enough words to say how much I appreciate you.  My in - laws.  All the people that have somehow influenced my life.  But Carolina, I must say, the way you're dealing with me, I know I'm not an easy out when it comes to keeping me quiet, especially after I retired, where I didn't know what I was going to do with so much time.  Carolina, I love you.  I appreciate what you have done for my family, the things you have done to actually get all my family here.  Close to a hundred people we have here, ladies and gentlemen.  Carolina, Kerry, Pam, Nancy Lane, they were responsible for us being here and making this moment so special.  I love you all.  Nana.  People in baseball that I feel so fortunate to have had by my side.  When I look over there, it's funny, but so many names that I want to mention.  We waited 32 years to see one more Dominican.  You have to imagine that there was a lot of people involved in this.  So I'm just going to draft a couple of names that I would like to mention after thanking God for th e beautiful family that's witnessing what we have today.  Right away I have to think Rafael Avila, the man with the biggest history as far as ball players coming out of the Dominican Republic.  If you didn't know, Rafael Avila over here, my first mentor, that signed more than 50 players that have made it to the big leagues.  Rafael Avila, an icon of Latin America and a symbol of baseball in the Dominican Republic.  My first coach who was always there to teach me the baby steps I needed to take to become b etter every day.  I have a gentleman here that I think is crazy.  I have a gentleman here whose name is Dan Duquette.  He was crazy not to trade twice for the same little player, and both times he ended up looking great.  And he wanted me for a third time , but I was too old.  So, Dan, thank you so much for having so much faith in me, trusting that I was going to make you look good.  I thought you were good - looking without me, but I guess I shape you more.  I have here a name, two names, that I can't go w ithout mentioning.  Felipe Alou and Tommy Harper.  Felipe gave me the opportunity.  I was trying to take advantage of it.  There was a time where I felt like I wasn't performing up to the level.  You gave me one of the best advice I could ever take with m e.  Thank you for telling me that the organ kept on playing because at that moment I felt like I was failing, and you just told me, That's only a little slump.  How do you get into the slump?  You got into the slump pitching.  Well, that's the same way you have to come out of it.  I kept my faith and I kept my head up and I kept working.  Today I can say I thank you for that.  The organ, yes, kept on playing.  I would like to take the moment to thank all the franchises that I played for, L.A. Dodgers, Mon tréal Expos, Boston Red Sox, New York Mets, and the Philadelphia Phillies.  At the same time I want to say to the fan bases that we appreciate you all.  Montréal, I hope you get a team pretty soon.  Boston, I don't have enough words to say how much I love you.  Even though L.A. Dodgers never got me the chance to prove what I could do, I was given an opportunity there to showcase a little bit so that someone else could pick me up.  Thank you.  Philadelphia, where I finished my career, little did I know tha t I was going to finish my career.  But the fan base was great.  The experience in Philadelphia was great.  So to all of you, thank you.  The Mets fans.  Well, if you look at me and you see me going wild, that's the Mets fans.  That's how we are.  So Que ens, I love you, too.  A lot of people that influence your life in other ways, I have names that I have to mention, as well.  One of them is my dear friend from the Dominican Republic, all - time friend.  Able to put up a lot of stuff with me.  Evita (phone tic), my agent Fernando Cuza is out there, as well.  I have to thank Guy Conti, the guy that taught me the circle change - up, the change - up that gave those batters a lot of trouble.  His wife Janet, as well.  I have to thank the family who introduced me to the United States, all the way in Great Falls, Montana.  Thank you so much.  I have to thank some people in Montréal.  Sam, Mark Routtenberg.  The fan base in Montréal, thank you, thank you for supporting me, thank you for being there for me.  It's too b ad you don't have a team.  All the coaches and trainers that I was able to spend time with.  Chris Correnti is one name that I could never forget.  This is the guy that went through war with me.  Wherever you are, Chris, I love you.  I appreciate it.  May God bless you.  I would like to thank God for all the teammates I had.  Jason Varitek, Kevin Millar, Manny Ramirez, David Ortiz.  So many names that I could mention today.  I would like to thank all of you.  The ones that I played with, the ones that I c ompeted against, you guys helped me on the field, helped me defeat those other teams, and at the same time you guys built my courage, strength and desire to go out there and beat you.  The competition, I want to acknowledge you, and I want to tell you that I respected you, even though sometimes by the pitches you wouldn't tell that.  I would like to thank God for the opportunity of being here.  I would like all of you to not look at me as numbers, as baseball, as achievements.  I would like you to actually see me as a sign of hope for a third - world country, for Latin America, someone that you can really look up to, and feel comfortable enough to say, I'm proud of you.  Today I don't want to roll into numbers and games that I pitched.  I just want to make s ure that my people get a little message across from me and see me as a sign of hope for a future generation.  I'm going to have to switch a little bit to Spanish because I would like these people to really feel what I feel today and what I mean to say.  (Speaking in Spanish.) I will go back to English so I can sum up some of the stuff I said.  I feel proud to be from Dominican Republic.  I give this to all the fathers in the Dominican because today is Father's Day in Dominican.  The day I got called to be in the Hall of Fame is January 6th, which is Kid's Day.  To all the fathers in the Dominican Republic, feel like this is your gift today.  I thank you all for your patience.  I would like to do something will probably break the protocol, but I would l ike to give my people an opportunity that we don't get very often, and we had to wait for 32 years for us to do.  So I would like to invite Mr. Juan Marichal to come forward and give the Dominican Republic a gift they waited 32 years to get.  Thank you so much.  Thank you for having us.
MIKE PIAZZA:  Thank you, commissioner.  Thank you very much.  You're going to make this harder than it is, I'm telling you right now. First and foremost, I sincerely wish to thank the Baseball Writers of America for voting me into the Hall.  I appreciate how high your standards are, and I consider your blessing a tremendous source of pride and joy.   Thank you to Jane, Jeff, Walker, and everyone at the National Baseball Hall of Fame.  You treat us like family, help us in every way, and every fan should rest peacefully knowing you are the caretakers of the game.  Thank you. Kenny, it is an incredible honor to be going in alongside of you.  About the only thing we have in common as ball players are two arms and two legs.  Your talent, athleticism, and tremendous joy you brought to your teammates and fans was infectious.   The work ethic you showed as a first overall pick is inspiring.  When no one would have blamed you to rest on your pedigree, you worked tirelessly to shine and that's why you had the highest vote percentage in history.   I'll never forget the first time I witnessed your skills.  unfortunately, it came at my expense, when you robbed me on a ball in the gap in instructional league early in our careers.  I knew at that time professional baseball was going to be very difficult.  I'm so happy for you.  God bless you and your family.   Thank you to all the legends and Hall of Famers on this stage behind me.  You all have given us great joy and inspiration.  The only way I ever thought I would be here with you is if I bought a ticket.  It's a tremendous -- it is a testament to our great country, and game, that dreams can come true, you just need to be willing to pay the price.   Two that are very special to me are Mike Schmidt and Johnny Bench.  Schmidtty, I watched you as a child, I celebrated with you, and suffered with you.  You were a true man of class and faith.  The outpouring of emotion when you announced your retirement showed how much pressure you put on yourself to perform, and I always considered you an inspiration.  God bless you.   And Johnny Bench.  Johnny, you will always be the best of all time.  You revolutionized catching and the game is better because of it.  Your leadership and performance in the biggest games will never be matched.  Although, maybe I hit the ball just a little better to right field.   I think one of the most amazing 2 things about the Hall of Fame is that no one goes in here alone.  We all have had many people helping us, inspiring us, coaching us and yes, sometimes kicking us in the rear.  And now it is my tremendous honor and privilege to thank those who have done this for me.  My love affair with baseball started in a small steel town, about a four-hour drive south of here named Phoenixville, Pa. It was a tough town, blue collar, coming off the prosperity of the 50s and 60s.  The steel mills had closed and what was left were the sons and daughters of immigrants.  They loved God, their families, and sports.   I came up through an intensely competitive little league, youth league, and high school program.  This town loved its sports.  It was evident in the fact that we were not big as some of the neighboring towns, some twice our size, but in baseball, we punched above our weight.   My high school coach was John "Doc" Kennedy, and he loved the game, was a great teacher and still scouts today.  From early in my high school career he never gave me anything.  He knew my dad and knew who his friend was, yet he still made me work to earn a place on the varsity team.   Speaking of my dad's friends, Tommy Lasorda, from my dad's hometown of Norristown, Pa., the town in which I was born.  But his personality and toughness were larger than life.  He eventually went on to a professional career and to this day, is not only famous for being a Hall of Fame big league manager, but by being sent down so that the Brooklyn Dodgers could make room for Sandy Koufax.   Tommy Lasorda was always in my corner.  He believed, when he watched me hit at a young age of 14, that I could play Major League Baseball.  Tommy, you were always there for me.  You made me your batboy when the Dodgers were in Philadelphia.  You always sent me baseball equipment when I needed it.  You convinced the Dodgers to draft me.  You gave me Big League at-bats in Spring Training when I was a green wide-eyed kid out of junior college.  You went to bat for me when I walked away from the game.  You convinced the Dodgers to let a very popular catcher in Mike Scoscia go so that a veteran pitching staff would know that I was their catcher, my rookie year, no matter how many mistakes I made or how inexperienced I was.   And speaking of experience, I was blessed to have a demanding pitching staff, with such names as Orel Hershiser, Kevin Gross, Ramon Martinez, and Tom Candiotti.  Tommy, one day consoled me, when I was having -- when I was really struggling to catch his knuckleball and throw out runners by saying, "Mike, I don't give a crap if you ever throw anybody out, just go out and hit me a three-run home run."  Tommy was always there for me, like a guardian angel.  After high school, he sent me to the University of Miami and after a less than a stellar freshman season in which I went 2-9 with no RBIs, Tommy sent me to Miami Dade Community College, North Campus, where I played for Dr. Demi Mainieri, the all-time winningest coach of Junior College baseball.  Doc played me at first that season.  I hit a respectable .360 and started showing some power.  Doc's son, Paul Mainieri, was the head coach of St. Thomas University at the time, and he was amazingly supportive and told me no matter how frustrating baseball could be, you need to keep going and keep playing.   Speaking of playing, Tommy, my father, and then-coach Joe Ferguson started kicking the idea around of me possible playing catcher.  He convinced scouting director, Ben Wade, to waste a late-round, and I mean, late-round, draft pick on me.  And so began my adventure in professional baseball.   I was fortunate enough to have Johnny Roseboro and Kevin Kennedy as my first catching instructors.  I could still remember the pain of blocking balls by the machine and lying in bed at night, but it wasn't all bad, I actually got the chance to hit batting practice off the great Sandy Koufax.  A little benefit of being with the Dodgers.   Tommy then sent me down to the Dominican camp of the Dodgers Campo Las Palmas in the Dominican Republic to pick up valuable experience and communicate with Spanish speaking pitchers.  One happens to be here behind me, Pedro Martinez.  (Speaking in Spanish) I returned to the states with more confidence and the belief that I can actually do this thing.  Catching that is.  One spring training early in my minor league career, I noticed a rather imposing hitting coach around the cages.  He strutted around like a peacock, he had that drill sergeant voice, and if you said something he disagreed with, he would snarl at you and your spine would shrink.  He was Reggie Smith.  There are a handful of people in your life who change the direction of your destiny.  Reggie was this for me.  He originally came up with the Boston Red Sox with Ted Williams as his hitting coach.  And I was so fortunate to have Ted Williams give me a private hitting lesson at 15 years old, as you saw in the video.  There's no greater experience for 15-year -old aspiring hitter to get a lesson from the greatest hitter of all time.  Reggie knew right away that I h ad something you couldn't teach: power.  And he wasted no time working with me in the cage , refining my swing and making it shorter.  He knew my swing at the tim e was too long, and that he had to shorten it to make it quicker.  He did this with a series of drills and disciplines he learned as a player in Japan.  I responded, worked, and started to get it.  One drill actually on a tee, I c ould eventually square up a line drive with my eyes closed.  Reggie cared about me so much , the one year I was frustrated and quit my minor league team, he actually came to my house and told me I was coming back and to do exactly what the Dodgers said.  Reggie, thank you for this and thank you for helping me.  You are a great hitting coach, but the biggest lesson that you taught me was how to get through the game of life and to never quit.  Another coach I wish to thank is Dave Wallace.  He also convinced me to come back the time I quit.  He was my pitching coach with the Mets a couple of years, and I very much enjoyed working with him.  The Dodgers had an amazing major and minor league camp in Dodgertown, Vero Beach, Florida.  Joe Ferguson worked with me to refine my catching skills , and being a converted catcher of similar size, helped me catch according to my body type.  Maybe a few of you remember a scout named Mel, "you bet your bottom dollar" Didier.  He was always in my corner.  I want to thank him ; he got me thr ough the toughest times in the m inors when it could have ended all before it got started.  Joe Amalfitano was another coach who helped me tremendously.  He was close to about a hundred percent on calling pitch outs.  An amazing baseball man.  Our bullpen coach was Mark Cresse, and he actually made SpringTraining fun.  Go figure.  We had catchers Olympics, where he worked on our skills and gave us prizes at the finish.  No one worked harder than Mark.  I can't tell you the amount of batting practice he threw myself and the team , and it was always straight as a string.  Burt Hooton was a minor league pitching coach and at first was unconvinced that I could be a prospect.  Later he told my dad that he thought that I was actually the only prosp ect on my team and apologized to him.  Burt was also my pitching coach for my one year in Mexicali in the Mexican winter league, and he was a great coach.  As I started to rise through the Dodgers minor league system I eventually became friends with Eric Karros.  A slick, slugging first baseman out of UCLA by way of San Diego, Eric won Rookie of the Year in 1992.  And pretty much like myself, was a blue collar, hard -working , pretty much self -made player.  And he would actually steal a base on you if you d idn't watch him.  Eric was kind enough to invite me to live with him and a couple other roommates my rookie year, and we had a pretty good time.  Eric showed me how to be a Big Leaguer.  He was a leader in the clubhouse.  And pretty much played every day.  Eric, you reached out to me, and we had the time of our lives.  It was too short, but your kindness and leadership have always been prominent in my memory.  You are an underrated player, and I truly believe that you hitting behind me gave me great protec tion in the lineup and significantly impacted my career.  I always loved seeing you and am so happy for your success in your broadcasting career.  I love you bro and God bless you and your wonderful family.  It truly was an honor and a privilege to be dr afted, signed, and developed by the Los Angeles Dodgers.  Mr. Pete O'Malley was a wonderful owner.  He was a tremendous family man, who prided himself on having the best possible atmosphere to play baseball in an otherwise quiet town of Vero Beach.  I can remember many times when he had BBQ's and parties.  It truly was an incredible experience, and I've always cherished and valued my time there.  I will always be eternally grateful for the opportunity.  The Dodgers and I parted ways, and then I played a sh ort week with the Marlins before getting traded again.  Even though I was there for about a week, I had the privilege to play for an amazing baseball man in manager Jim Leyland.  I consider Jim one of the game's true treasures.  A week later at my home in Florida, my life -long friend and agent, Danny Lozano, which I wish to thank for listening -- for making me listen to him, told me that I was traded to the New York Mets.  It was actually the last team that I had imagined wanted me, but it was the most ama zing experience any human being could have.  I can't thank our general manager at the time, Steve Phillips, enough.  Steve, you took a chance on me, and I'll be forever grateful.  I would also like to thank owners, Fred and Jeff Wilpon.  No price could be put on the experience of playing in New York.  Actually, Queens.  We were managed, at the time, by a colorful, unpredictable manager named Bobby Valentine.  Bobby, I know we didn't always agree, but you were an amazing motivator, extremely intelligent baseball man, and I can honestly say that you gave the best pre -gamemotivational speech I ever heard.  Sorry, Tommy.  When I was traded, there was a gutsy, not so big in stature, but big heart ed left -handed pitcher named Johnny Franco.  He was kind enough to take me into his home and give me his number 31.  I know it had special significance to him, but he unselfishly gave it me, and I will always be grateful.  The first game I caught for the Mets that year was pitched by an intimidating, yet cerebral, lef t-handed pitcher with a devastating slider named Al Leiter.  I never caught someone so intense and with a sense of perfection.  One time, he actually got mad at me because my idol, Mike Schmidt, was on a trip with the Phillies at Shea, and he went down to the tunnel to coach in the cage because it was raining.  And I wanted so badly to talk to Schmidtty, that I was actually inadvertently coaching a few of their hitters.  And he let me know about it.  We had a wonderful friendship and some amazing times on the road.  And I was always -- can say that it was my biggest honor to catch one of his best pitched games, a one -game playoff in 1999 against the Cincinnati Reds, in which he didn't shake me off one time.  Really wasn't that hard, I just called for a sli der.  Al, you're an amazing teammate, loving husband, and amazing father to your children.  And I have the highest respect for you.  I was also very fortunate to play with some incredible teammates in New York.  Edgardo Alfonzo comes to mind.  Mi Panna, Edgardo Alfonzo was a great fielder and clutch hitter.  Many times I can remember him picking me up when I failed to come through.  As a matter of fact, one memorable three -run home run that I hit on July 4th in the 8th inning against the Braves, Edgardo a ctually had an amazing two -strike hit that tied the game and allowed me to relax and feel more confident at the plate knowing we were tied.  A few guys up here know what that means.  How can I put my -- into words my thanks, love, and appreciation for New York Mets fans?  You have given me the greatest gift and have graciously taken me into your fami ly.  Looking out, today, at the incredible sea of blue and orange , brings back the greatest time of my life.  You guys are serious.  We didn't get off on the b est foot, but we both stayed with it.  At first, I was pressing to make you cheer and wasn't doing the job.  You didn't take it easy on me, and I am better because of it.  Sometimes a jockey whips a horse.  It isn't always pleasant to watch, but it gets results.  The eight years we spent together went by way too fast.  The thing I miss most is making you cheer.  No fans rock the house like Mets fans.  You are passionate , loyal, intelligent, and love this great game.  To be the only second Met to enter th e Hall of Fame, following Tom Seaver , brings me great pride and joy.  And I truly enjoyed Gary Carter's company.  He was a wonderful man, a great player, and I miss him.  Unfortunately, it wasn't always the ups and downs of baseball season we experienced.  September 11, 2001, is a day that forever changed our lives.  To witness the darkest evil of the human heart and witness that as it tore many loved ones from their families will forever be burned in my soul.  But from tragedy and sorrow came bravery, lo ve, compassion, character, and eventual healing.  Many of you give me praise for the two -run home run on the first game back onSeptember 21st to push us ahead of the rival Braves.  But the true praise belongs to police, firefighters, first responders, wh o knew that they were going to die, but went forward anyway.  Jesus said there is no greater love than to lay down one's life for his friends.  I consider it an honor and privilege to have witnessed that love.  Your families and those left behind are alwa ys in my prayers.  I pray we never forget their sacrifice and work to always defeat such evil.  I was blessed to play one season in San Diego for a great manager in Bruce Bochy, a cool general manager in Kevin Towers.  I always look back on my one year wi th fondness and affection, wonderful fans and a great place to play.  I also got to spend some time with Tony Gwynn, who sadly is no longer with us.  I think he alone cost me about three batting titles.  But he brought out the best in me.  And I was very p leased the National League batting title will be named after him and the American League title after the amazing Rod Carew.  I couldn't imagine leaving the stage without thanking my family.  My father, Vince, was the son of Italian immigrants.  He's so pr oud of his Italian heritage.  Un Grazie infintio al Paese Itaslia che ha fatto il regalo di mi Padre.  My dad always dreamed of playing in the major leagues for his All -American love of baseball.  He could not follow that dream as the realities of life and having to support his family forced him to work.  He built a great business and employed many people.  My father's faith in me, often greater than my own, is the single most important factor of me being inducted into this Hall of Fame.  Thank you, Dad.  I know he watched every game, cried when I cried, was angry when I was angry, and celebrated more than I could ever celebrate.  He is a man deeply devoted to his family and after having suffered a major stroke a few years ago, is stronger willed than ever.  We made it, Dad.  The race is over.  Now, it's time to smell the roses.  My mother gave me the greatest gift a mother can give a child.  She gave me the gift of my Catholic faith.  This has had a profound impact on my career and it has given me patience , compassion, and hope.  Pope Benedict the 16th said, no one who has -- who says, one who has hope lives differently.  Mom, you raised five boys, mostly on your own, and you're always there for me.  One special moment in my memory of my mother, is an ice cold high school game at Owen J. Roberts High School in which I hit two home runs.  There were maybe about five or six people watching the game, but as I crossed home plate, I noticed my mom jumping up and down clapping.  Mom, you were the glue to our fami ly and a true woman of God.  Thank you.  I have the coolest brother s a guy could have.  My brother s Vincent, Danny, Tony, and Tommy, I can't think of a time where you guys were not in my corner.  You had to put up with me as a kid always getting more swin gs than you.  And dad making you shag all my fly balls.  But you never complained.  When I was feeling depressed about not getting drafted in high school you pooled your money together and bought me a new stereo.  You knew how much I loved music.  And the bravery you showed , while cheering for me in front of hostile Philadelphia Phillies fans , is legendary.  We had a lot of fun growing up together.  I cherish every minute we of it .   My wife, Alicia, is a special woman.  I'm privileged to be herhusband.  I can honestly say I married my best friend.  She often jokes we married when my career was, shall we say, in its twilight.  But that made it very difficult for her.  I'm sure many here behind me struggled a little when our careers ended.  Life isn't alwa ys easy for a retired ball player.  She has had incredible patience with me and is a loving and giving mother.  She often puts people's needs ahead of her own.  You have brought joy and fun to my life.  I love you very much.  You've also given me the gre atest gift anyone could have, the gift of my children.  Nicoletta, Paulina, and Marco, your father's love for you is endless.  I pra y you always have peace and love in your lives always.  Go out, dream big, work tirelessly, and love the Lord.  It worked fo r your dad.  He persevere d in breaking the color b arrier in Major League Baseball, Jack ie Robinson was a leader to us all, as players and a nation.  A man of character, courage, bravery, and discipline.  He demonstrated that we're all equal on the field a nd in the locker room.  And his lessons are still as important today as they were in the 1940s and 50s.  Be humble and true to yourself, be smart in how you behave, make good personal decisions, stand up for what is right.  Above all, my religion is a sou rce of personal strength, not a reason to impose your will or put down those who are different.  My belief in God has driven me since my childhood and formed my core values of hard work, faith and belief in yourself.  It means feeling a need to give back t o your teammates, to your community, to your children.  Nobody on this stage with me who has shared this incredible honor got here without teammates, community support, and mentors.  We all have a responsibility to future generations.  Shortly after leavi ng office more than a hundred years ago, President Teddy Roosevelt said: "It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better.  The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes up short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who kno ws great enthusiasms, great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those c old and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat." I have been devoted to this great game of baseball and it is a worthy cause.  We players share our love of baseball with millions of fans.  That love bridges generation, impacts lives, and helps h eal wounds.  I want to thank you all for sharing this with me.  God bless you and thank you very much.
KEN GRIFFEY, JR.:  I would like to thank the Hall of Fame and their staff for an unbelievable weekend here in Cooperstown.  I would also like it thank Commissioner Manfred and his leadership in b aseball.  I would also like to thank Jane Clark and her staff.  I also like to thank the writers for writing, for -- for this prestigious honor. I would also like to thank the families and friends and the thousands Œ (receives a tissue) I got a couple of these somewhere.  I probably got them.  Thousands of baseball fans who traveled all over the country and who are also watching this on MLB Network.  I would like to point out one fan, Rob, who traveled 6,000 miles to get here.  I just wanted to say tha nk you.  I stand up here humbled and overwhelmed.  The last couple months have been a blur.  From the call from the Hall of Fame to the calls from all the Hall of Famers that are sitting here behind me.  I can't describe how that feels, but I can tell yo u that I was more nervous talking to them than I am now.  There are a lot of people out here who made me the person I am today.  Now I can't name them all and I apologize for that, but I will talk about my high school baseball coach Mike Cam eron and Schmi dtty.  When I decided to play baseball, high school baseball instead of going to Spring Training, I went in the ba tting cage and I swung and missed seven or eight times.  And I still remember the look on Cam eron's face saying, "And he's supposed to be good ?" I told them, I said, just wait until we get outside.  A couple weeks later we were able to go outside and I hit the first couple balls in the trees and I can remember Schmidtty going, "Wow, I think we have got something here." I want to thank them f or being true coaches, for being honest and fair.  Thank you.  But it's really ironic that I get drafted by a team that plays all their games indoors.  We have Papa Joe Haden, coach of the Midland Redskins.  Papa Joe treated everybody fair.  He taught us more about life lessons than baseball.  He was more concerned about us being good players, I mean good people , than players and winning a championship.  He brought together kids of all colors, backgrounds, and financial status.  Papa Joe is no longer he re, he's up there in baseball heaven, coaching third, and smoking a cigar.  And he also wears shorts.  To my dad, who taught me how to play this game, but more importantly he taught me how to be a man.  How to work hard, how to look at your self in the mirror each and every day, and not to worry about what other people are doing.  See, baseball didn't come easy for him.  He was the 29th round pick and had to choose between football and baseball.  And where he's from in Donora, Pennsylvania, football is ki ng.  But I was born five months after his senior year and he made a decision to play baseball to provide for his family, because that's what men do.  And I love you for that.  To my mom, the strongest woman I know.  Raising two boys, having to be mom and dad.  Splitting time to go to one another's games, me and my brother.  She was our biggest fan and our biggest critic.  She sat up and did homework with us, stayed up all night when we were sick, and I tell people that I'm more scared of my mom than my da d.  Just because she didn't play.  And if you don't -- if you don't believe me, there are a couple of my friends here who can attest to that.  She's the only woman I know that lives in one house, but runs five others.  I don't know how you do it, to be ab le to put your hopes and dreams just to raise two boys and never complain about it.  I love you, mom.  To my brother Craig, my biggestcompetitor, day and night we had these epic battles, whether it was football, basketball or baseball.  But no matter wha t, you never gave up, never gave in.  I just have one problem with you:  How come when you won all my friends knew about it?  And we didn't even have cell phones back then.  You're one of the people who pushed me the most and I will always love you for th at.  Thank you.  Brian Goldberg.  You have been there since day one.  We have had a great journey, even though there was some ups and downs.  But I can't think of a better friend/agent that I would want by my side other than you.  Thank you.  We have als o have Lynn Merritt.  I can remember the first thing you said to me is that I can't do nothing for you now, but in a few years, if you keep doing what you're doing, I'll keep in touch.  That was February of 1991, and look at us now.  You've been a big brot her, uncle, and on some rare occasions, the voice of reason.  A lot of people don't know Lynn.  Trey, Taryn and Tevin, words can't describe how much I love you and would do anything for you.  Trey, you're my little man, my partner in crime.  And one day, sitting there on the couch, you took a bat and hit the TV.  And your mom got mad at you and then got mad at me and asked me why I was not mad and I said, "Girl, you can't teach that swing." (Laughter.) So I got up and bought a new TV.  There's a song by Will Smith that's called ﬁJust The Two Of Us.  ﬂ  There's a part in the song where it talks about driving home after you were born, in the car, and all these cars were passing us up, and he talks about how mad he was.  I felt like that on the way home.  Taryn.  Daddy's little girl.  From the first time you were born I knew that I had to go into protect mode.  I didn't even like my teammates who had boys.  You taught me how to share and I think I've eaten more french fries over the years than you.  So no m atter if I went 4-4 or 0 -4 to hear those words when I came home, "Daddy", made my best days better and my bad days not so bad.  Even to this day, when y ou call me on the phone, my day i s a little brighter.  Tevin, seeing you for the first time made my lif e complete.  All my friends called you a mini Denzel.  Because you didn't cry or make a sound.  You have a great sense of humor, you're caring and thoughtful.  Watching you grow up has been nothing but a pleasure and never a dull moment around you.  I know your brother and sisters are at school, but you don't have to keep us that busy like they're still at home.  So let's make a deal, only two sports at a time, not three and four.  People always say that you're the lucky one, but, no -- me and your mom are the lucky ones.  Melissa, my wife, my best friend, you wear so many hats at our home.  I can't tell you how much I appreciate you and all the things that you've done and continue to do for this family.  You are the glue that holds this family together and the light when it's dark.  People say that you're lucky, well that's not true, I'm the lucky one.  From the first time I saw you I knew you were going to be my wife.  Now, it took you a little longer to realize that I was going to be your husband, but I'm okay with that now.  I love you.  I would now like it thank the Seattle Mariner organization for taking a chance on a 17 year old kid and allowing him to continue to play this great game of baseball.  See, in the winter of '86, I remember being in my g arage and Bobby Tolan saying to me, "Hey, the Seattle Mariners have the first pick and they're looking at you."  I walk in my house and look at my dad and say, "Hey dad, where's Seattle?" See, at that time they were a young franchise and I really only ca red about where my dad was at.  So if he was with the Yankees, I was a Yankee fan.  If he went to Atlanta, I was an Atlanta fan.  The only person I knew on that team was Bobby Brown, not the singer and not the American League President.  And the only reaso n I knew him was because he played with my dad on the Yankees.  In 1989 I made the team out of Spring Training, not sure of what kind of player I would be.  But at 19 all I wanted to do was survive.  Even though I had been around baseball all my life does n't mean that I have arrived.  Some of the men who helped me are here today.  Rick ey Henderson.  Rick ey, I'm still looking for that rematch.  See, he beat me in a game of horse when I was 14 years old, made a jump shot, drove off in his car, and never gav e me that rematch.  Well, Rick ey, I know where you're going to be July 2017, and I'm bringing my shorts.  Ozzie Smith, the wizard.  Dave Winfield.  As my dad referred to him as Big Blood.  Eddie Murray.  I met Eddie when I was 12 , it was in a back fiel d in Fort Lauderdale.  And my dad introduced me, he goes, this is one of the hardest switch hitting guys in baseball.  And I stuck my hand out and he shook it.  And he didn't smile.  See, Eddie had a beard, a goatee, and a fro.  And as we're walking off I asked my dad, "Does he smile?" My dad replied back, "He did smile.  He is smiling." And I turned around and I looked back at my dad and I go, "I would hate to see him mad." Randy Johnson.  Now every lefty wanted to take a day off when he pitched.  Ev en we did.  But you guys think it was bad, we had to face him when he had no control in Spring Training.  Today -- I got more friends -- Alvin Davis, Harold Reynolds, Dave Valle, Jeffrey Lenard, Mickey Brantley, Darnell Coles, Chili Davis, Kirby Puckett.  These guys were like my big brothers.  They took me out to lunch and dinner, made me share rides with them in the cab and drilled me on life problems.  The only problem is, you tell me what 19 -year -old in the big leagues has life problems?  Then we have Jay Buhner.  As we referred to each other as brothers from a different mother.  He was the greatest teammate I ever had.  A guy that gave you everything on the field and a guy that spoke the truth, even though you didn't want to hear it.  And I love you fo r that.  Looking back, I got to do and say things that have never been said.  I got a chance to play with my dad.  I got to yell at him and tell him to get a hit.  And in baseball there's certain things of, you can call somebody -- a fossil, gray beard, g ran dpa, dad, pops -- but I got a chance to say it , and mean it.  We hit back to back home runs.  We're the first father and son to win MVPs in All -Star Games.  Hitting the warehouse in Baltimore.  Winning a Home Run Derby in Pittsburgh in my home state.  The '95 series.  Randy Johnson's no hitter.  Jay Buhner hitting for the cycle.  And Edgar Martinez winning his first batting title.  And, yes, he belongs in the Hall of Fame.  And there's Barry Larkin.  I was in the clubhouse when he hit his first g rand slam.  Getting hot chocolate.  But I've known his family since I was 12, his younger brother Byron took care of me as a freshman.  And then I had to take care of his younger brother, Steven.  I want to thank them for opening up their homes and making me who I am today.  I got to play this game for 22 years.  And I wouldn't trade it in for anything.  I spent eight years with the Reds.  I got to put on the same uniform as my dad and run around in the same outfield.  I got a front row seat to the great est team ever assembled, the 1975 and 1976 Reds.  As a member of the Reds , I was often teased by my teammates saying that my dad played for the Big Red Machine and you're the engineer to the little red caboose.  Chicago White Sox.  I had a chance to play meaningful games day in and day out.  What else can you ask for as a player.  Thank you.  13 years with the Seattle Mariners.  From the day I got drafted until my first at -bat in the Kingdome, to the '95 playoffs, to my first trip back to Seattle as a me mber of the Reds and my return to Seattle in 2009, to my retirement in 2010, Seattle, Washington has been a big part of my life.  There are so many great things that I could talk about, but we would be here all day.  So I am going to leave you with one th ing: Out of my 22 years, I've learned that only one team will treat you the best, and that's your first team.  I'm damn proud to be a Seattle Mariner.  The two misconceptions of me are that I didn't work hard , and that I made it look easy.  Just because I made it look easy doesn't mean that it was and you don't work hard and become a Hall of Famer without working day in and day out.  I want to thank my family and friends, the fans, the Reds, the White Sox and Mariners for making this kid's dream come tru e.  Thank you.
